 
 Care to take her for a spin?
 Not a minute too soon! This place is dead.
 Yes. Yes, I think it's starting to come back to me. The pain, the doleful humdrum of my eternal curse. And yet, here and there, moments of hope. Glimmers of humanity. I may have forgotten what you've done, Damon, but I do remember this  you are my blood. I love you, brother.
 Oh, that's a shame. I was just warming up!
 I can't take all the credit. You did give me the handbook. In all seriousness, though, your brother truly, truly hates you. Listen to this  "I have resigned myself to never seeing Damon again in my now-finite lifetime, and I have never felt so unburdened." Oof! Sounds like he doesn't care if he ever sees you again. Which is perfect, because I don't plan on giving up this body.
 
 You seem like an entertaining fellow, Damon. Well... When this is all over, we should go carousing together. Deuces.
 Libations?
 Damon! I was wondering if you'd show up. Come in, friend. Have a drink!
 Oh, dear. Looks like you're a pledge who didn't make the cut! I guess now you'll just have to slog through a bit of old-fashioned hazing.
 Why don't you come on back here, Damon? I'm sure I can remember which attractive, over-privileged parasite owns this place.
 You know, I don't actually care much for the taste of blood. What I do love are the less-obvious perks. Eavesdropping skills, mind games... Of course, it's fun to wantonly murder these class-obsessed imbeciles, but making them kill each other? Oh, that really takes the egg.
 Look, Damon, I know you won't leave me alone until you get your brother's body. So, why don't you do me one small favor, and we'll both get what we want?
 Rayna Cruz. She chased me across this country for a decade. Made my life hell  literally. Yours, too, I hear.
 Well, let's just say I made things personal with her. Framed her for a couple of massacres...
 Turned her boyfriend. She won't be satisfied until I'm dead. In fact, she's probably on her way over here right now. So, why don't you go ahead and kill her for me, and I promise I will turn your brother's body over to you.
 Oh. Clearly, you are not familiar with the loophole. Well, I can easily jump into the body of a transitioning vampire...
 All you need to do is find me a witch who can soul-swap me into the body of a fellow you don't care about, and Stefan can have his body back. I, in turn, can mount Rayna Cruz's head on my wall. Everyone wins. What do you say, Damon?
 
 You know what I've realized? Between this game of beer pong and the extremely short shorts, modern Greek life is even less dignified than it once was.
 I hope that means you ran over Rayna Cruz and strapped her to the hood of your car.
 This sense of disappointment must be what it feels like to actually have you for a brother.
 Bull's eye!
 Me? Oh, I'm well. Thank you.
 How about you, friend? Are you hurt?
 What about you, Stefan? Are you ready to meet your maker?
 You look like you're in pretty bad shape, Stefan. Hmm? Would you rather just get this over with? Think of it this way  at least you won't have to go back to the Hell Stone.
 You just have the sweet release of death to look forward to.
 Oh. Portable stoves! What will they think of next? I think I'm really going to enjoy my life in this new world.
 I've read your journals, Stefan. And I know you're a deeply sensitive, literary sort of fellow. Is there any final words you'd like me to deliver?
 On the contrary  the fun's just begun.
