 No. I didn't drive through town. I came straight here.
 I think you should tell me what you expect me to do.
 What does the rest of the council know?
 She's a vampire, Carol. We do what we have to do.
 Carol, you called me in to take care of this problem. Why the sudden change of heart?
 Don't feel guilty. They're not human. They're monsters.
 My family's been committed to this fight for almost 150 years, Carol. You married into it, so maybe you don't understand, but I do. I know what my obligations are.
 Hello, Caroline.
 Shhh. I'm so sorry this happened to you.
 I need an answer. How do you walk in the sunlight?
 Sweetheart, please, just answer me. Then we'll get on with it.
 That's all I want to know.
 Interesting.
 Your ancestors built this place. People figured it was for unruly prisoners at the jailhouse, but...They had something else in mind. Vervain in the ventilation system to keep their subject weak. Reinforced steel containment chair. And that.
 Blood controls you, sweetheart. This is how I'm going to fix you.
 If you could handle it, this wouldn't happen.
 I'm conditioning you to associate vampirism with pain, in time, the thought of human blood will make you repress your vampire instincts completely.
 Yes, I can.
 You remember this feeling?
 I want you to know, when Carol Lockwood called and told me about you...I sat down and cried.
 I've always taught you to try your best. I need you to try your best now.
 There, see? You're doing it.
 Yes, you can. Fight the urge.
 I know you are, Care. Try.
 It has to work. It's the only option.
 So I don't have to kill you!
 The sun's gone down. We'll try again tomorrow.
 Put the gun down, Liz. I know what I'm doing.
 Then she'll trust me to do the right thing. Let me do this, Liz. Not because she's a monster. But because we love her.
 You're not going in there.
 You brought another vampire into this?
 I was trying to help her.
 The mind's a powerful tool. It can be trained and retrained. You just have to be strong enough.
 I have a question. Do you three think that everybody on the council is clueless...or just stupid?
 Everything in moderation. Keeps the mind clear from...influence.
 Yeah, I tried to tell you...
 Well, it takes a certain human focus. It's a skill that I've been honing for decades. Plus, your technique...Is a little lazy.
 I know you think I'm the bad guy here, Damon, but I would never expose my own daughter to those morons.
 I knew what I was risking when I didn't leave town, but I figured...You're not self-destructive enough to kill the sheriff's ex-husband.
 What are you going to do? Kill everybody who discovers your secret?
 I'm fine.
 I said I'm okay.
 Hey. Don't worry, I'm going to go back home before somebody kills me.
 Oh, healed.
 Thank you. For coming to my rescue.
 Bye, Caroline.
 You're a vampire, sweetheart. I don't think you'll ever be okay again.
 Hi, Caroline.
 I'm gonna try.
 Because he made a mistake and now he wants to make good. And I understand that.
 That's a process. It took decades, to train myself to resist compulsion. Brain's like a muscle. The more you use it, the more it can do. A sire bond, at its core, is about one thing...gratitude. If you believe you owe Klaus your life, ask yourself why.
 He freed you from your pain and now you feel indebted to him. To break the sire bound you gotta make yourself turn. Own your pain then you'll owe Klaus nothing and you will be free.
 He doesn't need one. You're a hybrid now, right? I mean, you can turn at will now, am I right?
 You're making excuses.
 You asked for my help. This is the only way. How badly do you want your freedom?
 Okay.
 Try harder.
 We're dong this my way, Caroline. If you can't handle it, you should go.
 Does it bother you?
 Good. Get angry. It's in you. You know it is.
 Your bond to Klaus is putting my daughter in danger. Either you turn or I kill you right here, right now.
 Oh my god.
 Yeah. I shouldn't be but I didn't have any say in the matter.
 I knew the risks when I decided to help you. So...was it worth it? How do you feel?
 Then we'll continue tomorrow.
 Once. To break the sire bound. Turning needs to be painless...and from what I saw today...we're still a long way off.
 You will. Because until you're capable of acting on your own free will, I'm not gonna let you anywhere near my daughter.
 My wound is completely healed. I need something to eat.
 I can't. I'm too wired and my pulse is racing. It's the effect of my body wanting to transition.
 She's done enough.
 I didn't see anything. Tried to sneak out the back exit and someone came up from behind.
 I'm not going to drink any blood.
 I understand how it works. And that's what I'm prepared to do. Now get me out of this hospital. I smell blood everywhere.
 Hey.
 Your first day at regionals.
 You had nothing to be afraid of. You were so much better than all those other girls.
 I'm tired.
 No, no, we haven't spoken in a while. Just call him when it's over and the dust is settled, would you?
 Oh, Caroline, my strength is all in my beliefs. Becoming a vampire is wrong, people aren't supposed to cheat death. It's just what I believe. Please respect that.
 Oh, no, no, no, sweetheart, I don't hate you, I love you. You're strong, you're beautiful, you're good. And even after everything that has happened to you, you are exactly who your mother and I hoped you'd grow up to be.
 Shh. Parents aren't supposed to outlive their children, Caroline. It's okay.
 This is life. This is what it means to be human.
