 Excuse me, Sheriff. Hi, um, I was wondering if I could speak to you for a minute about the explosion at the Young farm.
 Oh, Connor Jordan.
 No, no, I'm more of an independent contractor.
 Can we speak in private?
 Thanks.
 Good evening. I'm hoping I can help you actually. I spoke with Sheriff Forbes earlier. My name is Connor Jordan.
 That's one way of looking at it, I guess. Although I prefer the term cover up. Do you mind if I come in?
 Thank you. You're aware that it wasn't an accident. Any rookie fireman could tell you that.
 Not exactly. So, twelve Council members are dead, you're the Mayor, why weren't you at that meeting?
 What was it then?
 Maybe. How are you doing? I'm Connor.
 
 
 Heard you had a bit of a pollution problem.
 Hmm?
 No problem.
 
 Don't bother. It's a paralytic.
 I looked into your family's history. You and your sister have been through quite a lot.
 Because you saw this.
 I call this a Hunter's mark. As in vampire hunter.
 Jeremy. I know your family's history in this town, so you playing dumb just makes you look dumb.
 Because it's invisible to anyone but another hunter or a potential hunter. Find me a vampire, I'll train you, teach you how to do what I do. I'm on Hudson off Route 13. Don't show up unless you find one.
 Why don't you start by asking your friend with the bandage on his neck?
 
 Kinky girlfriend. Who are you letting feed on you?
 Are you sure about that?
 Tell me which one of your high school friends is a bloodsucker.
 Thank you. And when you wake up, she'll be long gone.
 You got a vampire for me?
 
 Nah, we're going to the hospital. If any of those people are drinking at that high school party, I've got it covered. They'll be dead by sundown.
 Stay here.
 Is a hospital really the best place for a germaphobe?
 You two are gonna kill me anyway.
 I'm not telling you anything. And  if you think if you kill me, it's gonna be over  there's another waiting to take my place.
 And I'm faster than your average hunter.
 You saved me.
 What-what did you mean when you said I was one of the Five?
 I told you, I don't know anything.
 You set me up at the hospital. Led me into a trap. Why?
 Important to you? That vampire just threatened to kill you! I don't understand how you can see the tattoo if you're a sympathizer.
 Years ago, I met someone with the mark. Claimed he had this intense desire to kill vampires, like it was engrained in his DNA. He told me the same thing I told you, that if I could see the mark, I was a potential.
 Just a guy I served in Iraq with. I lost track of him and then one day; tattoo just showed up on me. It started on my hand, but the more vampires I killed the more it spread like – like it was trying to tell me something. I just – I just don't know what.
 Why the hell did you send me there?
 Do you have any idea what I've been through? I've spent the last two days chained up by an Original vampire.
 He's a vampire-werewolf hybrid. Do you know how hard it is to kill them?
 I had to figure out how to do it on my own.
 I could have used some of this occult Professor knowledge of yours. Then again, you've always been slow when it comes to providing answers.
 In other words, kill as many vampires as possible.
 Anybody gets in my way. Anybody. They're dead.
 Do I have your attention?
 Good. Then let's talk about vampires.
 Trust me, that's the least of your problems.
 Sit down! 
 Gilbert, give me your cell phone.
 She has everything to do with this. 
 Well, you kids need to get some vervain. And don't just wear it as a bracelet where anybody can just take it off. 
 Compulsion, secrets, vampires.
 Oh, yeah, I'm counting on it. Every vampire that comes for you is another one I get to kill. Now, who should I text first? Hm? 
 Mm hmm.
 We'll get into that. First, take a look at my handy work. Pick up some tips from the hunter's trade.
 The fluid is derived from werewolf toxin. Trip the wire, bomb goes off, nails deliver a lethal dose into the bloodstream.
 You know, I used to think that there was no 'get'; that I was just supposed to do. Kill vampires. That was until I realized that the mark held the answer to why I'm the way I am. The more I kill, the more it grows and once it's complete, I'll know my story and – and all of this will have meant something. 
 Before you think about any other exits, I got every door rigged. Got it?
 We're closed.
 I'll free them as soon as you give me what I want. You and everyone like you dead.
 
 You may be a potential hunter, but if you make one move, I'll break all twenty seven bones in your hand.
 Your friends, huh? Yeah, I had a friend like that once. She got turned by this vampire I was hunting. He thought it would be ironic.
 I didn't want to hurt her. She promised that she would keep it under control, but...a vampire's like a loaded gun. Eventually it's gonna go off. 
 Listen, if you're gonna be like me, you need to understand. Vampires kill humans, hunters kill vampires.
 We've got company.
 Sure. Come out, I'll hand the gun over.
 
 You come any closer, he's dead.
 
 Look at you. So worried about your brother. You're the biggest monster he'll ever meet.
 Can't sleep?
 You know it makes sense; guilty conscience.
 And how do you know that I'm not here?
 Go on, say it.
 Yes, I am. Was that the first time that you've taken a human life?
 Can a ghost do this?
 Would you like some? You seemed to enjoy it when you drink from me.
 Were you yourself when you snapped my neck with your bare hands?
 Because you're a monster and you deserve to die. Admit it.
 Decomposition starts in the first twenty four hours. I'm rotting in an unmarked grave because of you.
 I can't. I'm going to be with you forever, a constant reminder of what you've become. So, tell me, how did it feel to drain the life out of me?
 You're lying.
 Yes, you are. Tell the truth.
 You're lying.
 I'm not happy, Elena. I'm dead. Did you know I had a family? A brother, parents.
 Are you sorry about your parents? It's your fault they died.
 They ran off Wickery Bridge with you in the car, but they weren't supposed to be there, were they? They died because of you. And I'm not going to stop until you've taken your last, miserable breath.
 Then get rid of me. Kill yourself. You never wanted to be a vampire in the first place, now look at what you've become. You're a monster, and you deserve to die.
 You don't want to listen to me? Fine.
 Are you ready to die yet? You know it's your only way out of this.
 The sun will be up soon. It's almost over.
 It's almost time.
 Don't let him stop you. I know you want to, but you can't. Don't.
 You should.
 Hello, Elena. It's your dead friend, Connor. You remember me?
 We want Silas, and we want the cure.
 Huh. Well, you know who's gonna need some help? Grandma and Grandpa Jones, in town for the big high school graduation, along with Auntie Sue and Uncle Mark...
 Matter of fact, everybody here at the Mystic Grill for graduation brunch. You either give me what I want, or they die.
 Good. Get it done.
 And who might you be?
 Well, that 18-year-old snapped my neck with her bare hands.
 That's ironic. You must not know a damn thing about fighting if you're trying to intimidate a dead guy packing C4.
