 We got something. Come on.
 Georgie and I have been playing around in the vault for a couple weeks now, trying to figure out how someone could get out of it without anyone seeing. Now, she told me I shouldn't show you what we found until you tell us what supernatural thing escaped from it.
 Yeah, right.
 Or you need to be less jumpy.
 All right, so check it, every little crevice in here leads nowhere, right? Just walls, dirt and dead-ends. No one's getting out without a spoon and a hundred years of digging.
 All right, now you're gonna let your fingers do the walking.
 He's got it.
 Yes!
 It's an optical illusion. You can't see or hear your way out.
 We don't know yet. That's why you're here.
 What is this?
 Professor S, Caroline's been calling. Says it's an emergency.
 Intercom's up and running.
 Can I ask why?
 That makes almost no sense.
 She wouldn't ditch work. Not while we're in the middle of all this.
 What about the frequency research?
 Thought you were gone for the day.
 Yeah.
 The tunnel must cut directly under the mountains.
 You want me to get into it?
 I called her roommate. She said all of Georgie's stuff is still in her room. If she left, she didn't take anything with her.
 Seriously?
 You keep acting like I'm doing something scientific. I'm literally banging a fork. It's ridiculous, and I've learned nothing. You ever gonna tell me what this is all about?
 This is Dorian.
 Is she okay?
 You must be Matt. I'm Dorian.
 You mean while he's hiding his kids from the sirens. He told me what really happened to Georgie. Said he wanted to give me fair warning about who I'd be fighting against if I stayed.
 Seline murdered my friend. I mean to figure out how to get payback. And since our only weapon is currently traveling through Paris...
 Actually, it's called the staff of Arcadius. Cade's enemies forged it in the fire that killed him.
 Wasn't me that said so. It was Harvey. In his journal. Georgie had it in her car. Seems our dead guy, Harvey, was friends with the sirens, back in 1790. They lured him into the Armory tunnels, and he starved to death down there. We found his bones a couple months ago. DNA results got back yesterday.
 Yeah. Turns out, he was related to a family from Mystic Falls. And through the magic that is the Internet, I've tracked down a living descendant. He's here to claim the remains. Hey, Mr. Maxwell. Did you finish signing those forms?
 You... you two know each other?
 I can't believe Ric agreed to let her go. And you guys haven't seen her since Christmas?
 Here's another artifact that could help. Mr. Skeleton Maxwell was a metalsmith, circa 1790. In his journal, he made sketches of something that he smithyed-up before he died. Now, according to Dalton St. John, the surviving Maxwells made a family heirloom out of it. That look familiar?
 Yeah. Meanwhile, the rest of Dalton's writings from 1883 were about Seline. "What Seline wants." He lists precise measurements from neck, shoulder, lip, tongue...
 Really?
 That's cool.
 I found some descriptions of an antique church bell in your family estate records.
 Anyway, according to this, the bell measurements are an exact match to what Dalton St. John wrote about. That's what Seline was looking for in 1883.
 Matt, I figured something out.
 No, not exactly. About their toys. I figured it out from Dalton's measurements. The Maxwell heirloom and the tuning fork, those things fit together to make a clapper, the hammer that swings inside a bell. So those three missing things, they're all a part of one bell. When properly assembled, this bell becomes, like, a mystical, witchified super-bell. I mean, it makes you wonder what happens when you ring it. If the sound of the tuning fork hurts the sirens, imagine that magnified by a thousand. Oh, wow, that's cool, right? Matt? Matt, you there?
 Seline murdered my friend. I mean to figure out how to get payback.
 The Maxwell heirloom and the tuning fork. Those things fit together to make the hammer that swings inside a bell. When properly assembled, this bell becomes like a mystical super bell.
 Uh, it's called "the Staff of Arcadius."
 All right, we're-we're on it, uh... no, like, plan, or...?
 Can't wait to hear some details.
 Don't move. Don't speak.
 Georgie. Georgie is why.
 Okay. Then you know why I'm here. Payback's a bitch.
 How dumb do you think I am?
 You're helping us assemble a weapon that can kill a siren. You are a siren. So either you're very trusting, or you're very manipulative. What are you hiding?
 Fine. I'm working with Matt.
 Why?
 Whoa! Easy, easy. Hey. It's okay. I'm not sirened. I'm not sirened.
 Before you take that bell anywhere, you're gonna want to hear what she has to say.
 The Maxwell heirloom and the tuning fork, those things fit together to make the hammer that swings inside a bell. When properly assembled, this bell becomes like a super-bell.
 You know I'm a person, right? Like, I'm not just your human Wikipedia. Hi, Matt, how are you? I'm great. Slammed with work, but really enjoying this unseasonably warm weather.
 Whoa. Where did you get that from?
 It's a cardan grille. It's a cipher device used for code-breaking. Secret message style.
 Maybe you're descended from a family of spies.
 You put the cardan grille over text, and it reveals a hidden message. But you have to have the right text to decrypt. I brought Harvey's journal. It's the same era, same Maxwell crest. Maybe this device will match something he wrote.
 What's going on?
 Arcadius? Is in Mystic Falls? That's... kind of mind-blowing.
 Y-You're talking about becoming a vampire. Alaric told me everything. All I'd have to do is drink your blood?
 If you don't mind me asking, what's it like, being you?
 Uh, kind of. There's different styles of handwriting, which indicates some sort of back and forth between two people, likely in secret. The messages are meaningless. 
 This come with a special ingredient?
 It is an intriguing insurance plan.
 Are you kidding me? I'm getting a degree in occult studies here. I live for this stuff.
 Kind of because of my family. For generations, we thought we were cursed. Bankruptcy, depression, health problems... You name it, we dealt with it. My parents were the first to break the mold. Great marriage, successful careers, two good kids. And then my, um...my dad and my little sister died in a house fire. It was like we were cursed all over again.
 I hid at the library to cope. I just wanted to find some sort of proof that they were at peace. And then one day I had the strangest dream. I was playing baseball, center field, like I did in high school. My sister was in the stands. She was wearing this ugly Christmas sweater I always teased her about. She smiled, and she waved at me. And I knew it was somehow okay. And then, of course, I wanted to know what it all meant. You know, how was it possible I felt her spirit? What other supernatural or mystical forces there were in the world. Hence, occult studies.
 Well, make sure he stays in hell would be a good place to start.
 Arcadius.
 Oh, my God.
 No, no. I'm not about that life, not after what I saw today.
 No, don't be. I chose to be here. Huh. 
 I have no clue. It's kind of like Latin, also kind of Gothic... maybe some old Prussian. You know what? I have to check this, and get some stuff from the library. 
 I'll sleep when I'm dead, which will eventually happen because I'm human. I intend to stay that way if I can help it.
 Seems our dead guy "Harvey" was friends with the sirens back in 1790. Turns out, he was related to a family from Mystic Falls.
 Maybe you were. And I don't think this is just colonial bling. Based on the time period and the local coven activity, I think this could be a witch talisman that's somehow tied to the Maxwell bloodline. Maybe those weren't nightmares. Maybe they were memories.
 Yeah, and that might explain how you slept-walked your way into those tunnels.
 If I had to guess... Hey. ...I'd say the skeleton we found in the artifact room. Some of the things you saw, he saw, too. He wrote about them in his journal. There are references to working with a coven of Bennett witches.
 Yeah.
 What's he want with it?
 The sedative should be kicking in. How you feeling? Like I'm on the back half of a 12-pack.
 We got to bring him out! He can't take much more.
 Come on, Matt.
 Will that work? If it repairs the heart in time.
 You know what, it can wait till tomorrow. Looks like you have bigger things to deal with.
 See, if Katherine's back, that means hell still exists.
