 Rose-Marie. Is there somewhere we can talk?
 Oh, no, what's a little dirt? I completely understand. So tell me, what is it that gives you the courage to call me?
 I have complete authority to grant pardon to you and your little pet. What is his name these days? Trevor. If I so see fit.
 I'm listening.
 Continue.
 Where is she?
 Oh, when you called and invited me into this armpit of civilization, which is a mere three hours from the town we know as Mystic Falls, I surmised it had everything to do with Katerina. Do you have her in your possession?
 That's impossible, her family line ended with her. I know that for fact.
 Well, show her to me.
 You have my word that I will pardon you.
 Human. It's impossible. Hello there.
 We have a long journey head of us. We should be going.
 One last piece of business and we're done.
 Oh no, your apology's not necessary.
 Oh yes, you are the guilty one and Rose aided you because she was loyal to you and that now I honor. Where was your loyalty?
 So granted.
 Don't, Rose, now that you are free.
 Come.
 What do you know about the moonstone?
 Yes?
 Tell me where it is.
 Are you negotiating with me?
 What is this vervain doing around your neck?
 Tell me where the moonstone is.
 What is it doing there?
 Interesting.
 What is that?
 Who else is in this house?
 Rose.
 Excuse me. To whom it may concern, you're making a great mistake if you think that you can beat me. You can't. Do you hear that?
 I repeat, you cannot beat me. So I want the girl, I'm gonna count to three or heads will roll. Do we understand each other?
 What game are you playing with me?
 She's here. Katerina! I know you're near, I can smell your blood. It's pointless to run, Klaus will find you wherever you are.
 Very nicely done.
 I'm a special vampire.
 Hmm, now I want you take this and drive it through your heart.
 I know.
 But it's necessary.
 It had to be done. He delivered his message. Won't be long now.
 So how exactly does this spell work?
 I know exactly where she is.
 For centuries now.
 Who are you?
 I'm Elijah.
 Does anyone else know that you're here?
 Well, then, you have been incredibly helpful.
 Where's Luka?
 Your shadow spell was successful. I was able to track that girl. However, I did have a little run in with one of the brothers that killed me.
 Actually, I spared him. He'd die before he'd let anything happen to her. They both would. She'll be kept safe.
 Well, that's precisely what we need her to be. 
 Hey, I'm Elijah.
 It's a pleasure.
 Or I can get someone to pick it up tomorrow.
 Thank you so much for inviting me into your home, Jenna; and Elena...
 I hope to see you again sometime soon.
 A wise choice.
 I think it's time you and I had a little chat.
 Forgive the intrusion. I mean your family no harm.
 Because I didn't want you to be taken. Klaus is the most feared and hated of the Originals, but those that fear him are desperate for his approval. If word gets out that the doppelgänger exists, there'll be a line of vampires eager to take you to him and I can't have that.
 Let's just say that my goal is not to break the curse.
 Klaus's obsession has made him paranoid. He's a recluse. He trusts only those in his immediate circle.
 Not anymore.
 Well, to do that I need you to stay put and stop trying to get yourself killed.
 If I wasn't being truthful, all your family would be dead and I'd be taking you to Klaus right now. Instead, I'm here and I'm prepared to offer you a deal.
 Do nothing. Do nothing, live your life, stop fighting and then, when the time is right, you and I shall draw out Klaus together and I shall make sure your friends remain unharmed.
 Then I kill him.
 Just like that. I'm a man of my word, Elena. I make a deal, I keep a deal.
 I notice you have a friend; Bonnie, is it? She seems to possess the gift of magic. I have friends with similar gifts.
 Together, we can protect everybody that matters to you. So, do we have a deal?
 We're negotiating now?
 Good evening Katerina. Thank you for having the good sense to be frightened.
 Your release has been requested.
 The lovely Elena drives a hard bargain. However, we reached a peaceful agreement, she and I. Please.
 Come.
 Yes, you can. I've had the spell lifted.
 As for you however, you should not exit until I say so. When Klaus comes, he'll want to know exactly where you are.
 You're free to go. Elena will explain the arrangement to you. If she keeps her word, I'll keep mine.
 No, I'm focusing mostly on the smaller regions of Virginia. Lots of research. Strictly academic.
 No. Pleasure's mine.
 What can I do for you, Damon?
 Where's Elena?
 Oh, yeah, I heard about that.
 You are welcome.
 Why don't you just stay focused on keeping Elena safe and leave the rest to me.
 You young vampires, so arrogant. 
 Silence.
 I'm an Original. Show a little respect.
 The moment you cease to be of use to me, you're dead, so you should do what I say. Keep Elena safe.
 You looking for this?
 Go ahead. Take it.
 What about you, sweetheart, hmm? You want to take a shot? Yes? No? Yes? Where's the girl?
 It doesn't really matter.
 So you realize this is the third time I've saved your life now?
 Ah, the Fells. One of the Founding Families.
 My research showed me that this area was actually settled almost two full centuries earlier. It was a migration of townsfolk from the northeast, um, it was Salem, to be precise.
 Which means the ever-lauded founding families...didn't actually found anything.
 Yes, they are.
 I'm pretty curious about the freed slave property owners. Some say, you know, the descendents of the slaves are the true keepers of American history.
 Alaric Saltzman. So you're one of those people on Elena's list of loved ones to protect.
 You don't have to be jealous. I don't really pursue younger women. It's a joke, Ric, lighten up.
 It'd be a pleasure.
 Good evening.
 Just one moment. Can I just say that if you have less than honorable intentions about how this evening is going to proceed, I suggest you reconsider.
 Hmm. Well, that's good.
 Because, you know, although Elena and I have this deal, if you so much as make a move to cross me, I'll kill you and I'll kill everyone in this house. Are we clear?
 Jenna. Wonderful to see you again. How are you??
 You look incredible.
 Well, as I mentioned to Jenna earlier, a faction of settlers migrated from Salem after the witch trials in the 1690s. Over the next hundred years they developed this community where they could feel safe from persecution.
 Well, the lore says that there was this wave of anti-witch hysteria. It broke out in the neighboring settlement, so these witches were rounded up. They were tied to stakes in a field together and, uh, burned. Some say you could hear the screams from miles around us. They were consumed by the fire. Could you pass the...
 You know...a healthy historian's curiosity, of course.
 I have to say the food was almost as wonderful as the company.
 Because I feel as though we've grown so close, Damon, I'll tell you yes. Do you know where it is?
 We're not that close.
 It's quite a collection you have here.
 It's a funny thing about books. Before they existed, people actually had memories.
 Miss Star...
 I'd love to answer.
 Yes, I'm well aware of that.
 Gentlemen, there's a few things we should probably get clear right now. I allow you to live solely to keep an eye on Elena. I allow Elena to remain in her house living her life with her friends as she does as a courtesy. If you become a liability, I'll take her away from you and you'll never see her again.
 I need you to find Elena. Now.
 You know, I might not be able to enter this house...But I'm a very patient man. I'll wait you out.
 The deal is off.
 You have nothing left to negotiate with.
 Stefan won't let you die.
 I'm sorry, Elena. I'm going to have to call your bluff.
 No! Yes. Yes, you can have your deal. Let me heal you.
 I give you my word.
 Katerina!
 Ah, good evening, Trevor. I am pleased you could join us.
 No, considering the gift you claim to bear. Where is this mystery girl of which you speak?
 Oh, my God.
 Forgive me. You remind me of someone.
 The pleasure's mine. Katerina.
 I can't-I can't breathe! What's happening to me?
 I can't...I can't be in this house.
 Then get me out of here.
 What happened?
 Can I trust you?
 Where did you get the dagger?
 Your ability to make demands has long passed.
 And why should I even consider this?
 Klaus is here?
 Of course he has. One of his favorite tricks.
 Yes, I do.
 Fashionably late. He likes to make an entrance.
 Here he is.
 Katerina, may I introduce to you the lord Niklaus.
 I've had a bit of an incident, Carol. I'm hoping you could help.
 It won't take but a minute of your time.
 Thank you.
 Well, first things first. I'm going to need a change of clothing.
 Wonderful.
 'Cause I'm the one who got her off it. Right before you and your friends killed me. Twice. If you'll excuse me. I'll be down in a moment.
 So I assume that the Martin witches are no longer with us.
 And Katerina? She would have been released from my compulsion when I died.
 I doubt that. Not Klaus' style. Death would be too easy for her after what she did.
 I have my own reasons for wanting Katerina to pay. There was a time...I'd have done anything for Klaus.
 Katerina is from Bulgaria.
 No not at all. Happy Birthday, brother.
 Yes. Klaus is my brother.
 Yes, I'm a little behind on the times, but I believe the term you're searching for is "O.M.G."
 My father was a wealthy land owner in a village in Eastern Europe. Our mother bore seven children.
 Our whole family was. Our origin as vampires is a very long story, Elena. Just know...We're the oldest vampires in the world. We are the Original family, and from us all vampires were created.
 I need some air. I'm still feeling a tad...dead. Come.
 So as you've seen, nothing can kill an Original. Not Sun, not fire, not even a werewolf bite. Only the wood from one tree. A tree my family made sure burned.
 Yes. The witches won't allow anything truly immortal to walk the earth. Every creature needs to have a weakness in order to maintain the balance.
 Right. The curse of the sun and the moon. It's all so...biblical-sounding, don't you think?
 Look. A Roman parchment.
 Your finest work remains your Aztec drawings.
 The Aztec. Who can resist a shaman?
 Roman scrolls, African tribal etchings, and any other culture or continent we felt like planting in it.
 Easiest way to discover the existence of a doppelgänger or to get your hands on some long, lost moonstone is to have every single member of two warring species on the lookout.
 The curse of the Sun and the Moon...is fake. It doesn't exist.
 Klaus and I faked the sun and moon curse dating back over a thousand years.
 There's a curse. Just not that one. The real one's much worse. It's a curse placed on Klaus.
 Klaus has been trying to break it for the last thousand years. And you are his only hope.
 Your phone will not stop its incessant buzzing. Answer it, please.
 I'm afraid that wasn't part of today's arrangement.
 That doesn't mean anything to me until you live up to it.
 But if I catch you, the game will be over.
 You looked lonely inside, so I took pity on you.
 Yes, Klaus does not live by any rules but his own.
 And yet...
 Many a union has been built on much less.
 Do you have more with Trevor?
 I do not believe in love, Katerina.
 He's returned.
 Long night.
 Welcome back.
 Please.
 My family was quite close, but Klaus and my father did not get on too well. When we became vampires, we discovered the truth. Klaus was not my father's son. My mother had been unfaithful many years before. This was her darkest secret. Klaus is from a different bloodline. Of course, when my father discovered this, he hunted down and he killed my mother's lover and his entire family. Not realizing, of course, that he was igniting a war between species that rages until this day.
 The vampires...and the werewolves.
 He's both. A hybrid would be deadlier than any werewolf or vampire. Nature would not stand for such an imbalance of power. Therefore the witches, the servants of nature, saw to it that my brother's werewolf side would become dormant.
 He wants to trigger that part of him that's a werewolf. If allowed, Klaus would sire his own bloodline. He'd build his own race. Endangering not just vampires, but everyone.
 I helped him because I loved him. That's changed, now he must die.
 When a werewolf is wounded by silver, it heals. An Original can't be killed by anything but white oak ash on a silver dagger. So you see the conundrum. The dagger does not work.
 There's one way to kill any supernatural species...at the hands of the servants of nature themselves.
 The curse must be broken during the full moon. When Klaus is in transition. That's when he'll be at his most vulnerable. A witch with enough power...can kill Klaus.
 Then I would tell you there's one more thing that you should know.
 I have been to see the witches. They believe they may have found a way to spare the doppelgänger.
 What, she should die for your gain?
 I beg you to consider this.
 Of course not.
 We did once.
 Yes, Elena. I did. But unfortunately, Katerina took matters into her own hands first. I believe you already know how that played out.
 It's a common mistake, I'm told. And it's one I won't make again.
 I don't understand.
 No.
 I told her nothing.
 I will find her. You have my word.
 The two of you will come to no harm at my hands. I only ask for one thing in return.
 An apology.
 I understand.
 It is.
 Perhaps.
 Tonight is the full moon. We should assume that Klaus is prepared to break the curse.
 Klaus is a vampire born of a werewolf bloodline. The curse has kept his werewolf aspect from manifesting. But if he breaks it...He'll be a true hybrid.
 Well, the ritual itself is relatively straightforward. The ingredients, so to speak, you already know.
 A witch will channel the power of the full moon to release the spell that's bound within the stone. After that, Klaus, being both werewolf and vampire, will sacrifice one of each.
 The final part of the ritual.
 Klaus must drink the blood of the doppelgänger...to the point of your death.
 This is an elixir that I acquired some 500 years ago for Katerina. It possesses mystical properties of resuscitation.
 And then you won't.
 Those rings only work on humans. The doppelgänger's a supernatural occurrence. Odds are, the ring won't work.
 Klaus has been waiting to break this curse for over a thousand years. If he doesn't already have a werewolf, my guess is by tonight, he will.
 Why are you?
 You know, there's a possibility this elixir won't work. I don't want to mislead you.
 Well, it sounds like you won't be needing this anymore. Feeding her vampire blood rendered it useless. Tell Elena I'll be back before nightfall. We'll proceed as planned.
 The problem, Damon  you talk a good game but you don't actually know anything. She'll never forgive you. And never for a vampire...It's a very long time.
 The sacrifice is completed in stages as the full moon sets. First the werewolf is killed, then the vampire. Finally the doppelgänger. Once Elena dies, the curse will be broken. Klaus will become hybrid.
 Elena's death will activate his dormant werewolf side. He'll be vulnerable during the transformation. That's when Bonnie comes in.
 If she can deliver him to the brink of death, I'll finish the job myself.
 A punishment for meddling.
 Well, Stefan would agree with you.
 Bonnie did the locator spell. They're at Steven's Quarry.
 Just as the moon hits its final phase. She's to stay hidden until then. He cannot know that she's alive.
 You're very honorable.
 I won't fail you.
 Well, Klaus was not my only brother. I had siblings; parents. I had a family. Over the centuries, Klaus hunted them down one by one and he took them from me. He scattered them across the seas where their bodies could not be found.
 Sometimes there's honor in revenge, Stefan. I won't fail you.
 It's time.
 Bonnie's the only weapon we need.
 Hello, brother.
 In the name of our family, Niklaus...
 What?
 You'll die.
 I'm sorry.
 You've been busy.
 Almost 2 days. Full moon came and went. You remained a wolf.
 Yes, I've been cleaning up your little mess along the way.
 You've had your fun. I believe we have a bargain.
 You gave me your word, Niklaus.
 I could have. But I didn't.
 Where are they?
 You understand how important family is, or you wouldn't be here. My brother gave me his word that he would reunite me with my own.
 Oh look, our sister has arrived to watch my fast approaching victory!
 
 So, Niklaus...
 What did I miss?
 You look surprised to see me. So it wasn't you that removed the dagger from my chest?
 Come on. Use it. I dare you. You'll have Kol to deal with.
 What did you say?
 Why do our family remain in these coffins? Finn for over 900 years, Kol for over a century.
 What are you doing?
 You left something in my jacket pocket.
 Damon.
 I'm here, let's talk.
 Niklaus, our guests have arrived.
 It's better to indulge him.
 Stefan. Where is the lovely Elena tonight?
 Now why should we discuss matters long since resolved?
 When our family first settled here, there was a girl named Tatia. She was an exquisite beauty. Every boy of age desired to be her suitor, even though she'd had a child by another man. And none loved her more than Niklaus.
 Our mother was a very powerful witch. She sought to end our feud over Tatia and so she took her. Klaus and I would later learn that it was Tatia's blood that we consumed in the wine on the night where our mother performed the spell which turned us into vampires. Tatia wouldn't make a decision between the two of us, so for a time Niklaus and I...grew estranged. Harsh words were traded, we even came to blows, didn't we, brother?
 Family above all.
 So, why don't we move this evening along and discuss the terms of this proposal?
 The deal sounds fair, brother.
 Let me deal with this.
 Where are you manners, brother? We forgot dessert.
 What have you done? You see, I've learned not to trust your vulgar promises, Klaus. We're doing this on my terms now.
 You're free to go. This is family business.
 Well you're right, none of us will be.
 Then you'll become everything you hate. Our father.
 You will when we have that coffin.
 Leave.
 Are you challenging me?
 Well...I believe we have a little catching up to do.
 Uh, if everyone could gather, please.
 Welcome, thank you for joining us. You know, whenever my mother brings our family together like this, it's tradition for us to commence the evening with a dance.
 Tonight's pick is a centuries-old waltz, so if all of you could please find yourselves a partner, please join us in the ballroom.
 Elena. I understand my mother requested to see you.
 Well, her ability to forgive my brother after everything he's done to destroy this family strikes me as a little strange to say the least.
 It has me asking questions I never thought I'd ask. Can I depend on you to tell me what she says?
 So how was my mother?
 And for what reason did she need to speak with you in private?
 Elena? Should I be concerned about my mother's intentions?
 So it's true, then? She's forgiven Klaus?
 Cheers.
 It won't happen again, mother. I'll deal with them.
 Rebekah.
 I'm worried about mother. Have you not noticed her strange behavior?
 Burnt sage. 
 I don't trust Finn. He hates what we are, he always has.
 Elena.
 I don't mean to intrude. I was hoping you might accompany me. I want to show you something.
 Forgot how much I missed this land.
 You know, your school was built over an Indian village. Where I saw my first werewolf. The town square was where the natives would gather to worship. Matter of fact, near that, there was a field where wild horses use to graze.
 Come.
 I do. Below us is a cavern I use to play in as a boy. Connects to a system of tunnels that stretch across the entire area. Perhaps it's nature's way of providing us with shelter against the savagery of the full moon. My mother said there must be a balance.
 I admire you, Elena. You remind me of qualities I valued long before my mother turned us. It's not in your nature to be deceitful and yet when I asked about your meeting with my mother the other night, you lied to my face.
 I can hear your heartbeat. It jumps when you're being dishonest with me. You lied to me at the ball; you are lying to me now. Tell me the truth.
 What, Elena?
 Since her return she says she only wants this family whole again.
 She wants to kill us all, doesn't she? She wants to undo the evil she created.
 You know, one thing I've learned on my time on this Earth...be careful what you wish for.
 Hello, Stefan.
 Actually, she's with Rebekah. As you can imagine, my sister is just dying to tear her throat out. So...if you want to save Elena's life, I need you to help me stop my mother.
 Yes, unfortunately, even when killed my mother doesn't seem to want to stay dead. Not with the spirits of nature at her side.
 The witches that released my mother, she's drawing her power from their bloodline, that line needs to be broken.
 You know I'd do it myself, but I have absolutely no idea where they are. Besides, seeing me, they'd immediately know my intent. They won't expect to be harm by the likes of you. In any case, you have until six minutes after nine to find them.
 By 9 07, the moon will be full, my mother will have the power she needs to kill me and my family. If you do not stop her before then, Rebekah will kill Elena. So we all have our timeline? I suggest you get started.
 Leave him! We still need them, Niklaus.
 You tell me where the witches are or I'll have my sister kill Elena right now.
 I'm sure Rebekah will be more than happy to start her work early.
 Whatever you think of us, killing your own children will be an atrocity.
 "Elena, today I did things I abhor to protect the one thing I value most. My family. If anyone can understand that, it's you. Your compassion is a gift, Elena. Carry it with you. As I will carry my regret. Always and forever. Elijah."
 It's over, Rebekah.
 We have no mother. Only Esther, and Esther was right.
 My talk of virtue. When it suits my needs, I kill, maim, and torment. Even today, I terrorized an innocent.
 And I used your hatred of her to get what I wanted. Wielded you like I would a sword. My sister.
 Are we? Mother made us vampires. She didn't make us monsters, we did that to ourselves.
 Hello again.
 All we need is to take that stake away from him. Once he's been disarmed, the weapon's in my possession, my family will scatter to the ends of the Earth and Alaric will follow us.
 We've done it before. Klaus and Rebekah spent the better part of a thousand years evading my father. What's another half century while Elena is able to live out the rest of her natural life?
 I give you my word, Elena. I will not revive Klaus within yours nor even within your children's lifetimes. Perhaps that will finally teach him some manners.
 And for that, I am deeply ashamed. But know this, she could have been dead the instant I walked through that door tonight, so Elena, I leave it to you to make the decision whether to trust me or not.
 Rebekah and Kol will honor the terms. If you return Klaus' body to us, Elena will come to no harm.
 Do we have a deal?
 He's my brother. We remain together.
 What happened?
 Tyler Lockwood is dead, but the rest survived. You said that Niklaus turned their bloodline.
 It wasn't me, it wasn't Kol.
 Then how are they still alive?
 
 Still you should heed the warning. Between you here and Kol in the east, you have not been discreet. Stories of the Original vampires are spreading.
 Well, it's the least we could do to repay you for opening our eyes to the truth. We're curious to hear more about your order. Your crusade.
 Katerina.
 You colored your hair. 
 I missed you.
 This is an interesting little town you've chosen to settle down in. So do you have it with you?
 The cure.
 Where's Katherine, Elena?
 Katerina?
 Where is Katherine?
 Safe. How long she remains so depends upon you.
 Oh, Katherine can take care of herself against the two of you.
 Put her on the phone.
 Tell me where they are.
 Do you understand how much my sister despises Katherine? I assure you, Rebekah will end her the moment she ceases to be of use.
 You listen to me very carefully, Stefan. If anything whatsoever happens to Katherine, I will descend upon Elena.
 Excuse me?
 Well, I suppose this man of honour always shared a connection with Katherine. She contacted me when she learned about the cure. We thought we could be of mutual use to one another.
 You underestimate me, Elena. I know who she is. I know what she's done.
 She didn't lie to me about your transformation. 
 She lied.
 I know what it feels like to lose a brother. And I'm sorry for your pain. I...I only hope that you can find your way back to yourself someday.
 I'd like to think so, yes.
 I'm not a fool, Elena. Of course this has occurred to me, but what kind of man would I be if I didn't try to find my Katerina beneath this...Katherine façade?
 You can't blame them for having hope, Elena. It'd be a shame if the world lost a soul as compassionate as yours.
 Well, the writer sounds positively gifted. I'm sure he meant what he wrote.
 You killed Jeremy Gilbert.
 Well, I care. 
 Is that what I am to you? A means of survival?
 I asked you a question.
 I want to. It's my disease. I just keep wanting to believe you, but how can I when at every turn, you give me a reason to doubt you? I don't know you. 
 Good-bye, Katherine.
 
 You have the cure.
 
 You don't have a smart brother. It turns out I'm just as stupid as the rest of you.
 And what could you possibly want with the cure?
 How do you know that being human is the answer you're looking for? I mean, it's nothing but a romantic notion. The grass won't necessarily be greener, Rebekah.
 I just don't understand. I mean, why must you always consider our family a burden? Always and forever. I mean, those words are as important to me today as they-as they ever were.
 Complication speaking.
 Somebody had to take charge. And now that I have, I've got the cure and I'm bringing it back to Mystic Falls.
 Not that long.
 Well, if you can provide us with a more compelling reason for wanting the cure, Klaus, please.
 Your personal discomfort might not be sufficient reason for putting the entire world in jeopardy, Klaus. I think our sister deserves a shot at happiness.
 I made my decision.
 Rebekah, it's no secret that you are impulsive, emotional, and at times morally questionable. Prove to me this isn't just another one of your whims, that you know precisely what you are giving up here.
 I want you to live a day as a human. This day. No vampire privileges  no strength, no compulsion, no nothing. If you succeed, if you still believe this is what you want, the cure is yours.
 Our baby sister. Once she's human...it'll make no difference to her whatsoever. Take it.
 We are immortal apart from the stake. Now that it's yours, you have nothing to fear.
 Well, you've survived endless torments throughout the centuries. You'll shake this. And if you can't, you outrun him.
 You will spare her because I am asking you to spare her. As your family, as your only living brother, I would ask that you provide me with this opportunity to feel, to care. To love.
 It is such a hollow little life that you lead, Niklaus.
 You're home. And how did our Cinderella fare?
 If this is what you truly want...it's yours.
 Rebekah?
 Where did you go?
 I think it might be a little late for that.
 Evidently there are witches conspiring against him. So, knowing our brother, this was a mission to silence and slaughter.
 Rebekah, in the name of our family, you might try to dial down your glee.
 To find out who's making a move against our brother. And then I'll either stop them...or I'll help them, depending on my mood.
 I'm Elijah. You heard of me?
 So, why don't you tell me what business your family has with my brother?
 Niklaus.
 And what an entirely unsurprising welcome. Come with me.
 I believe I just found that out for you.
 You wanna know what the witches have in store for you? Follow me.
 He's all yours. Proceed.
 Hear her out.
 Niklaus...the girl is carrying your child.
 Enough of this. If you want Marcel dead, he's dead. I'll do it myself.
 Niklaus. Listen.
 Niklaus.
 No, brother. It's gift. It's your chance  it's our chance.
 To start over. Take back everything we lost, everything that was taken from us. Niklaus, our own parents came to despise us. Our family was ruined  we were ruined. And since then, all that you have ever wanted  all that we have ever wanted was a family.
 So they're manipulating you. So what? With them, this girl and her child  your child  live.
 And then what? Then you return to Mystic Falls to resume your life as the hated one, as the evil hybrid? Is it so important to you that people quake with fear at the sound of your name?
 Family is power, Niklaus. Love, loyalty  that's power. This is what we swore to one another a thousand years ago, before life tore away what little humanity you had left, before ego, before anger, before paranoia created in this person before me someone I can barely even recognize as my own brother. This is us, the Original family, and we remain together, always and forever. I am asking you to stay here. I will help you and I will stand by you. I will be your brother. We will build a home here together. So save this girl. Save your child.
 Well, he's doing what he does; given a chance at happiness, Klaus runs in the opposite direction.
 He's not better off without that child, Rebekah, and neither are we.
 I'll stop searching for his redemption when I believe there is none left to be found.
 I've said all I needed to say.
 I didn't forget. All the centuries we've spent together, and yet I can count on one hand the number of times that our family has been truly happy. I hated leaving here.
 What is on your mind, brother?
 And what of Hayley and the baby?
 So, how do you propose this will work?
 Oh, the cure was a fool's errand. I mean, taking it would've stripped you of everything you are, for what? More high school proms?
 And I stand before you to offer you both.
 I've made my case. Your family needs you, and what choice you make right now is your own.
 Katerina...
 Goodbye.
 Enough!
 Katerina.
 Katerina  May I introduce to you, the lord Niklaus
