 Welcome. Dr. Whitmore never gets tired of watching us vampire heal, but he gives us one glass of blood per day, just enough to keep us alive. Pick yourself up, soldier. 
 You're doing it wrong. 
 The one where you get your revenge. For instance, in my future, my revenge will start with killing Whitmore's dog and mailing it to his house postage due. Go on. Picture your revenge. Use your imagination.
 You much of a sports fan, Damon?
 No. Neither am I. Any other interests  fine wines, travels, cars? 
 Oh, come now. Got to be more than that.
 What, just one girl?
 Well, fair enough.
 Eh, too many to count. 
 Here of all places. She was working for Dr. Whitmore.
 Oh, she was. Very. 
 Oh, she was also stunningly beautiful.
 You have to understand she  she wasn't part of the torture and the experiments. For the longest while, she didn't realize that Dr. Whitmore was doing more than just observing my behavior. I didn't have the heart to tell her. I was just so glad of her company, you know?
 When she finally realized what was going on here, she couldn't bear it. So she said she was sorry, and she left.
 You need a more positive outlook, mate.
 I take that as an insult! 
 I can't believe you didn't notice.
 
 I'm sure I can only try with your help. We've just got to choose between us.
 All right, Damon. We're gonna play scissor, paper, stone to decide.
 
 Damon! We got to get out of here! 
 Damon.
 Damon, please.
 
 Don't go! Please! 
 
 Boo! I said use your imagination.
 Ahh. Welcome. I'm 12144. My name's Enzo.
 
 21051.
 Lorenzo, but my friends call me Enzo. Ah. Kidding. I don't have any friends.
 That's your first question for me? Not "How are you? How'd you survive in that fire I left you to die in?"
 I'd love to. Have a seat. Been waiting seventy years to tell my story. 
 Damon and I had been locked in those cells for years, tortured, beaten, humiliated, but we weren't gonna let them break us, no. We decided if were going to escape, we needed to work together. 
 Tragic. Can I continue my story now, please?
 Where were we? Uh, ah, right. I was telling my story, and you were all politely listening. Huh? 
 I was waiting in the cage for him to release me, waiting for my friend, my cellmate, the only soul with whom I'd connected with in all those years of captivity.
 Then a fire starts, burns out of control, but Damon just can't get the damn cage open.
 He looks me in the eye as if he doesn't even recognize me, turns around, saves himself, leaving me to die.
 No. Unfortunately I lived. I was spared by one of the scientists so I could spend another fifty years on a table being opened and closed. Now that we've all been acquainted, I'm gonna find something to wet my whistle. 
 Ah. It's frightening what you can find on campus these days.
 
 What about cricket? That ever become a thing here?
 Oh, shame. Fun sport. Not that I can play. Took up drawing for a while. Of course I had no pencil, 
 Wes injected me with poison that will stop my heart. I'll desiccate if I don't return for the antidote.
 Did you even think about it after you left, the experiments, the cell, 
 You're not gonna see your girl again, Damon, 
 I imagine you just broke your clavicle. Probably a few lumbar and thoracic vertebrae. It's funny what you learn about your body when it's taken apart like a bloody automobile right before your eyes!
 What are you gonna do then, run? You're good at that.
 While you were out running wild, I had one single thought, that I'd have the pleasure of killing you.
 Bloody poison!
 Or what?! You never see her again? It might be good for you to know what it's like to miss someone for the next sixty years. 
 What did you do now?
 
 And now what do you feel, remorse, regret, pain? Even if I forgave you, Damon, would that make you less of a horrible person? 
 You were the most important person in my life, and you ruined me, but that's just who you are, that's who you'll always be...A monster.
 Aaron Whitmore.... just the man I've been looking for.
 Hello, Damon. We've got a bit of business to attend to.
 God. I love a good fire.
 Oh. That's so wrong, isn't it? Since you left me to burn alive in one.
 More like who. Uh. Since you and I last spoke, I've done a bit of soul searching... had a trip to the barber... did a little research, which revealed to me that you killed almost every member of the Whitmore family in the years since you escaped, leaving just one alive each time to carry on the family name   producing a whole new generation of victims for you to slaughter... exactly as you said you'd do back when you and I were cellmates.
 And it's occurred to me that perhaps I wrote you off too quickly. That, in fact, the Damon Salvatore I remember is alive and well. I have a present for him.
 He's the last of the Whitmore clan. Do you remember this vervain wrist watch? Dr. Whitmore never took it off even when he was rooting around in our chest cavities. How fitting that Aaron should die while wearing it too. So.. do you want to kill him, or shall I?
 As much as I've enjoyed your quality bourbon, I feel confident our next drink will taste better with young Aaron's dying screams ringing in our ears. And your final act of revenge will bring us both closure and a new beginning.
 His grandfather split our eyes open with a scalpel.  You've taken it out on everyone else in the Whitmore family. I thought you'd want this.
 No because that would force me to believe that you've gone soft, when you and I both know that your first impulse when I presented him to you was to rip out his throat. Show me my old friend is still in there someplace.
 End this... for both of us.
 It's time to come to a decision, Damon. Do you want to kill him, or shall I?
 Never better. We've been waiting for you.
 Damon's teaching me a little game. See, he assured me you'd be on this road, heading out of town.
 Justifiably.
 Now that's the Damon Salvatore I remember.
 It was my idea if it makes you feel any better. Enzo. Remember? We met when 
 Say, you haven't heard from Dr. Wes Maxfield by any chance? Bloke's next on the Augustine hit list, and he's a slippery little devil.
 What do you say? Shall we get you a new hobby? Golf..., scrapbooking?
 So, once we've finished off this Augustine mess, what do you say we do a road trip? I was thinking South America, Cape Horn. Sailed pas but never stopped over.
 Oh, that's ironic, isn't it? You know, since we broke in and kidnapped you from your office.
 A mother. Ah. Interesting. Well, then you can imagine how heartbreaking it would be to learn that your child committed suicide, especially when said child was actually murdered by a vampire, a murder covered up by you.
 Ah. Looks like the vervain is officially out of her system.
 Well, technically. Now she's a dead end.
 Be a mate. Grab a shovel. (continues to dig)
 I'm sensing a metaphor.
 He mentioned you were a bit of a do-gooder.
 Ah, but it's so much more fun when you can just commit to the leap. You're welcome to join in on the fun. Good man.
 You think that hurts? I'm curious, Stefan. What do you think you can possibly do to me that hasn't been done a hundred times before? Go on. Give it your best shot.
 What have I missed? She denied your request yet? Can we get on to the fun bit?
 I'm the one who gets people to do things they don't want to do.
 What's taking so long?
 With pleasure.
 Let them know that Jeremy will be dead very soon.
 Damon tells me your sweetheart hasn't come through on your behalf.
  You see, that's the thing about threats. If there's no follow-through, no one takes you seriously.
 Sorry to make this about me.
 Uhh. See? Wasn't so bad.
 Did I give you the impression that I was taking orders from you? My bad.
  Brilliant. I'll drive.
 So, what do you say? Paper, scissors, stone for who gets to give Dr. Frankenstein his fatal blow?
 Now don't tell me you're having second thoughts about leaving home.
 What about your brother?
 What What did he stick you with?
 All right. Come here.
 What kind of a problem?
 Damon? DAMON STOP!
 Okay. I can see how this might be a problem..
 Just because you lost your true love doesn't mean you have to dump on others.
 Manners! It's impolite to speak ill of our hosts.
 Please. Alright cranky. It's been almost 8 hours since you last fed. So I suppose that's about right.
 You feed on vampires now. I am a vampire. The only way to ensure my safety is to know how long you can last until your next fix.
 I don't abandon my friends, Damon. Besides, if you hadn't come with me to kill Doctor Wes, he wouldn't have stuck you with that nasty virus.
 Ahh! Just in time.
 You died, but luckily you had my blood in your system, so when you drink this...
 You'll feel much better.
 There you are.
 That was blood. You're a vampire, congratulations!
 I know, I know. It's overwhelming and Damon will explain more in a bit, but before he does, settle a bet. Your wife, where is she?
 Again, we'll explain everything. Where's your wife?
 Ahhhhhh!
 Stop trying to scare me, Damon. I'm not leaving you. I'm the only friend you have left.
 I didn't realize you liked to play with dolls.
 Well, we've got 8 hours until you need to feed again. I wonder, what New York's like these days.
 Perfect. Let's go.
 What is that?
 A few tests...
 Give it up mate. Those travelers sealed this whole place up tight.
 It doesn't need to. Wes only needs it to last 8 hours. Remember? Then he can come back inside and autopsy my mangled corpse.
 Did you forget everything I taught you in that cell? Calmer heads will always prevail.
 But you do have people we can call, like your brother or your ex. They can find Wes and threaten him, or maim him. Anything that doesn't involve your fangs on my neck.
 So my life is not worth your pride?
 or they will and you might hurt them. You don't want to risk them, do you? Me, on the other hand...
 Towing chains, farmer's best friend. In about an hour, mine. Take a seat.
 Don't be dramatic. We'll work something out.
 You've given it all of two days! That's what you do, isn't it?There's a problem, you run. You did it to me, you did it to your girl...
 We're not all as fragile as you think we are.
 Calling for backup.
 And I told you your pride isn't worth either of our lives.
 Hello "Stefan". How wonderful to hear your beautiful, feminine voice.
 I'm in a spot of trouble, actually.
 Oh, he's here, salivating, about to chomp into my neck and feed until my head pops off in a grotesque but slightly comical fashion.
 You know about the virus. Good. We could use a hand. Wes enlisted some of those singing witches and trapped us in the house.
 He doesn't want to risk feeding on you. That's sweet really, but you'll be fine. Besides, if he does feed on you, I have orders to kill him.
 Fine. And, uh, Tick-tock. I managed to restrain him, but you know how persistent Damon can be when he wants something.
 It'll be alright, mate. They'll come and we'll sort something out.
  Those are also options. As long as I live, I'm good. Joking! Kind of.
 Boy, do I miss the indestructible Augustine cage right about now.
 Damon, Stop! Damon, Stop! STOP! PLEASE, DAMON, STOP!
  Damon, Stop! Stop, please! Damon! Aah!
 What did you do to him?!
 And go where... With you?
 No.
 So werewolves are real? I always thought that, was, you know, a joke.
 I'm Enzo.
 No.. The other one.
 I'm here for the same reason you are.. I want this vampire-feeding virus out of our lives.
 Right. Damon mentioned you get a little judgy. Then again.. He also said you had a thing for accents.
 Then you're not the least bit impressed that I have the antidote?
 Or I can just tell her.. considering I was lying in the road when he stopped his car.
 Is it such an anomaly for Damon to have a friend? Well, if so, consider me honored.
 I was trapped in that bloody farmhouse with Damon, set to have my head ripped off, when out of nowhere, Wes showed up with the travelers and saved my life on the condition that I owed him one.
 He was running low on vampires and he needed one to continue his work, so I let him experiment on me. Among other things, it allowed him to make an antidote.
 You never stopped to think there might be another doppelgänger running around? Clearly, you don't know your traveler lore.
 I've been stuck with them for the last few weeks and I've picked up on a few things; like how the last remaining pair of doppelgängers are special.
 You'll have to excuse Sloan. She's under a bit of stress. The leader of the travelers, Marcus, was it?
 Markos, see. Wants the blood from the last remaining pair of doppelgängers, i.e. you and Elena.
 They are special.
 Don't think I didn't ask. I can witness that the travelers are very secretive, but what we do know is that until the last doppelgängers are out of the picture, your blood, when mixed with Elena's, doesn't do squat.
 I'll take them. I'll make sure the appropriate parties get them.
 If you don't trust me, you're welome to join, Goldilocks.
 Very well. Best of luck.
 Sorry to interupt. I have the antidote. Although, from the looks of it, you'd both rather be dead.
 The engine's running blondie. I appreciate the call. Let's go do this thing.
 No mate. You aren't. They need to use you to get *unknown*. Tick tock, gorgeous. Time is of the essence.
 You told us to find a nameless paramedic at the scene of a car accident in a city of freeways, fried green tomatoes and terrible drivers. It's not exactly as easy as it sounds.
 Okay. I give up. I can't tell if you're avoiding the mission, or me.
 Because I've earned some company, after hand delivering the antidote that kept Damon and Elena from consuming each other.. Literally.
 Damon's trying to be a good boy these days, which means I'm in need of a new murder buddy.
 I'm joking! A joke.. british humor..
 Ahh. Modern women. All bosom, no mystery. Present company excluded.
 Why not? From what Damon tells me, I am your type. Well-traveled, charming accent, dodgy morals...
 Precisely. Well, to be honest, you remind me of someone I once knew. She worked for the Augustines.
 Maggie was only there to observe my behavior in captivity. I quite liked her, actually.
 Not at all. She just reminded me that I was good all along.
 What do you mean, "was"?
 It's a miracle we found the place. Every other street in this blasted city is Peachtree.
 Seventy years in a cage.. You'd think I'd learn to pick a lock by now.
 Not for long
 Exactly. And I am a murdeous vampire. Surprise!
 She was in a bloody trance, unable to answer questions. I don't see why you're mad. I'm only doing what's necessary to save your friend, because you won't.
 "This" being the cold-blooded murder of an innocent man? You can hardly say the word. How do you expect to actually do it?
 You've got me all wrong, Caroline Forbes. I'm not judging you. I'm preparing you.
 I've seen soldiers, men trained to kill, look their enemy in the eye and freeze up on the battlefield – a hesitation that usually costs them their lives.
 The tell-tale heart.
 Why would a witch go to such lengths to keep a man alive and off the grid for four months?
 He's a dead ringer, all right. Or rather, soon to be dead.
 Caroline, let me do this. Just walk away now, go upstairs...
 Or maybe you just can't stand the thought of putting Stefan's life into anyone's hands but your own.
 We're angels mate, come to deliver you to the sweet hereafter.
 Bonding with him will only make it harder on you.
 Then I suppose it was a fitting last supper.
 Because you aren't the only one that cut a deal to save someone's life. That old flame I mentioned, Maggie, the travelers claim they know where to find her.
 No. I'll earn her forgiveness in time. Because unlike you, Caroline, I'm willing to do whatever it takes for the people i love. The travelers moved to some junk yard outside Mystic Falls. Feel free to tell Stefan you're the one who saved his life.
 So you broke up. That I get. Then youslept together. Not smart, but again, I get it. Now here's where it gets a bit hazy for me. You went to a parent-teacher conference?
 Right. Then the kicker. You offer to drive her back to campus, and she says she can't be around you. I mean, I'm just confused even thinking about it. Can't imagine how you feel.
 Yeah, of course. A friends phase, where you, her friend, watch as she moves on with her life, finds a new boyfriend, perhaps a nice gentleman from a fraternity  Chance or Brock.
 I haven't found her because the Travelers, i.e. my only lead, decided to play a fun game of spontaneous combustion before giving me what they promised.
 We could always go kill people, but I suppose that's what got you into this problem in the first place.
 Care to lose again, or shall we move on to step two of Elena-less Damon?
 Bring up whose name? Elena.
 Temptation one, Enzo  Hello, gorgeous.
 You know what she's not telling you. Somebody's having sex dreams.
 Yeah, good luck with that.
 I thought you were bringing a witch.
 So who could use a drink from the library?
 Or we could stay and let them amuse us as they resist the desire to tear each other's clothes off.
 Ouch! She used the f-word. Poor bastard.
 Oh, it is, but it was never explicitly stated until now.
 Well, because until it's officially out there, there's still hope, and hope heh heh heh  Hope can trick you into all sorts of hilariously unrealistic scenarios.
 Well, the Travelers forgot to tell me where Maggie was before they lit themselves on fire. Talk about a lead going up in smoke.
 Seventy years of captivity, and she was the face that I clung on to  the notion that one day I'd get out and see her again. I don't want to date her, Caroline. I want to thank her.
 If the visions are a road map, then we need more clues. Break out the popcorn, blondie. Elena's little sex romp isn't over yet.
 That good, eh?
 I wonder if this is where Stefan and Elena had crazy vision-sex. Eh, it's probably the bedroom. Stefan's pretty vanilla, but apparently that's Elena's favorite flavor.
 Well, would you look at that. I think we just met the universe.
 Not bloody likely.
 And to what do I owe the pleasure?
 You know Travelers  vagabonds and the like. Haven't seen any. Why?
 Don't envy you there, mate.
 Sadly I've got to take a rain check. I'm late to meet some people.
 I can't join my friends for a cup of tea?
 No need to be rude. I've come here for a chat. Elena, darling, perhaps Caroline told you I've been searching for someone I once knew, a woman named Maggie.
 Maggie worked there as an observer, taking notes on my behavior. She never got too close, never took off her vervain bracelet, but we spent hours and hours talking, and we developed an attachment. Now she left in 1950. I imagined her one day teaching at one of these fancy universities, starting a family, living her life to the fullest. I'm sure you two can appreciate that.
 That Traveler girl Sloan gave me this yesterday, making good on a promise. Ahem. From the Augustine files left behind by our good Dr. Wes.
 Yes. Imagine how I felt when I saw it. Turns out Maggie died in 1960 in Mystic Falls. Someone tore her head right off her body.
 A ripper? Clearly.
 Thought you might say that. Liv! A little service here, please.
 That's my fault really. Where's Luke? See? I compelled a few blokes from the rugby team to keep her brother's life in jeopardy so that should the witch disobey he will die. There's a good soldier. Ok, Stefan. Are you ready to talk about what you did to the love of my life?
 Get him out of here now.
 Get him out. Too many witches under one roof makes me nervous. I'll let you know if he needs to die. That vervain water is going to hurt even worse if you struggle against those knots. Chap's in the sailing club.
 Place opens at eight, you got here at nine. Do the math, college girl.
 I will gladly release them once you admit you killed Maggie.
 That's what this is for. Police found it on her body at the crime scene. "June 10, 1951, I found a job at a preschool. I love the kids, but still I feel lost, listless. March 1953, while my girlfriends have all found love, for some reason, I can't seem to connect with anyone, as if a part of my soul is missing or dead. My sister said there are more men in the city. Maybe I'll move." Now it turns out she did move to the city in 1958, and in the move, she uncovered a box that she hadn't touched in years  Medical journals from 1950, covered in notes about a special vampire patient named 1-2-1-4-4. Of course, when she came back, Whitmore house had burned, and it was concluded that I had perished in the fire. You're a journal man, aren't you, Stefan?
 Good idea. Let's call Damon.
 Hunt going poorly then?
 I take it you don't have Stefan's diaries handy. I need you to check his journal for an entry on November 8, 1960.
 Well, just trying to settle a little debate. No matter. I'm right. How you hanging in there, man? I heard you exiled Elena from your eye line.
 Not for long. I reckon one will be dead soon  Eye for an eye and all that.
 The problem, if you must know, is that my girl Maggie, the one who got away, it turns out she didn't get away for long. Your ripper of a brother took a big bite out of her neck membrane in the sixties.
 Got to jet, mate. Nothing personal, just a bit of revenge, you understand? 1960. Let's see. Ford thunderbirds, Lincoln continentals, unseasonably cold that year. Tuesday, November 8, John F. Kennedy was running for president.
 Now we're getting somewhere.
 So it was the other ripper in Mystic Falls then?
 Are your lies worth Bonnie's life?
 What exactly happens if you die anyway? Aren't you technically already dead? Should we find out?
 Take her upstairs.
 More than anything in this world.
 Come closer. Take my hand.
 Leave, Maggie. Leave and never come back, and when you go, forget I ever existed, forget that I love you. Wait.
 Must have fallen from your wrist.
 Where were we then?
 What was that? I couldn't hear you over all the 
 I used to scream, too, but for me, it wasn't so much the sharp instruments as it was the fingers. Those bloody fingers. Like I was a ball of dough.
 If I didn't know any better, I'd say that was a veiled attempt to get to release the damn hostages.
 Whose side are you on?
 You were there with me in Augustine. Look. Don't tell me you've forgotten what it was like to cling onto the one thing that kept you from feeling pain!
 What are you talking about?
 And when exactly was that?
 You killed Maggie.
 Well, that's the problem, Damon. I don't want to hate you. Because if I hate you, then I have nothing left. There is another option.
 Forget that I love you.
 There we are. You're right! I don't have a care in the world.
 Ahh. This is fun, not caring.
 To Maggie James for whom I feel absolute and blissful detachment.
 Cape horn.
 All right. Everyone's free to go! Show's over! Don't worry. I compelled you all to think you spent the day studying like the good, little students you are. Except you. Stay. I want to test something.
 Look at that. I don't even feel obliged to say thank you.
 I think you mean when I kill you, you'll be dead.
 That's the point. I feel nothing.
 I know why Damon doesn't want to deal with you anymore. You don't shut up.
 Stefan. Where's your big brother?
 Ouch. Hope it's insured.
 Bet you wished you'd murdered me back when you had the chance, but Damon would have been furious. I think it's time we both stopped coddling him.
 Now where is my lighter? Maggie's lighter, I should say. I wonder what she'd think of all this. Of course, who knows what lies in the great beyond for a mere human like Maggie James? Probably nothing. It's probably just as well she's not watching this. I believe it might upset her.
 Shall we burn together, you and I? Perhaps just you.
 Don't you? Isn't there a part of you that thinks I can be redeemed?
 Better yet, wouldn't it be a sweet piece of revenge when Damon finds out you killed his best friend? Have fun sorting this out with your brother.
 Damage control, is it?
 Go on. Keep your little secret. You'll see me again. Did I mention how good I am at revenge?
 It's too late to make amends, Damon. You know me. Never let go of a good vendetta, and this one is just getting started.
 For some reason, I thought that would feel better.
 Glad you two find my death so amusing.
 You're sorry for that? I'm glad we've got our priorities straight.
 Now there's an interesting development.
 Avoiding, are we? Nothing a hot bath won't fix. Wash the guilt straight down the drain.
 Don't reckon I'd miss this.
 Smart girl. See why you like her so much.
 Getting warmer. Come on! You've almost got it. What is Enzo up to?
 Did I mention that I missed you?
 He's right. I like poetic justice. Damon Salvatore and his murderous brother die a fiery death.
 Don't let me down again.
 Forgetting someone?
 Ah. You're paraphrasing. He said, quote; "I will find a way."
 Remind him that he doesn't have a very good track record for keeping promises.
 The the other side is on the brink of collapse. I plan on pestering all of you until I'm safely returned to the land of the living.
 Well? What are you waiting for? Ring up your little witchy friend and get her over here.
 When did you plan on telling me? Were you just hoping the darkness would come take me before the awful truth came out?
 Answer me!
 There's always a solution. Your boyfriend came back from the dead; Markos came back from the dead; you came back from the dead!
 I will accept it when that darkness comes and yanks me to oblivion. I will accept it when I no longer exist. I spent over 50 years stuck in a cell; poked, prodded, tortured. By all rights, I had no hope of ever getting out, but I clung to it. So, I will accept it when it's done... not a minute prior.
 What's going on?
 Surreal, isn't it?
 Dead... just like you, but I've got a proposition to get both of us out of this place.
 Markos managed to Houdini him way back to the land of the living with some crazy ass spell. Any chance you know it?
 See, I think you underestimate how resourceful we are. Leave the details to us. What do you say? Interested?
 Grab my hand
 We hit a little snag.
 The great beyond happened. And it's going to keep happening, so we need to find a way out of here and fast.
 What?
 *ahem* Let's not forget who else is at the top of the search and rescue list.
 Hello to you, too, grumpy pants. Tell him to play nice. I have a plan.
 I'm already on it, mate. You still need someone to do this coming back from the dead spell. I assume you still have a witch or two in your pocket
 One less witch twin in the world.
 This list is getting uncomfortably long.
 Smart, savvy?
 And the list keeps growing.
 What is your plan exactly?
 Not exactly. Bonnie, meet the Traveler with our one-way ticket out of here, although you may know him better as an ancient immortal with a desperate need of a cure.
 Is everything all right in there?
 It's back.
 You don't have to tell me twice.
 Ahh! See you around, gorgeous.
 Oh, just lay it down.
 You witches are also monstrously secretive. Lucky for me I'm quite gifted at unraveling the truth.
 See? You did know something.
 Ha ha, well, well well. Well, there's a blast from the past. Hello gorgeous.
 Girl bonding, very sweet. I heard you dropped out of school.
 Soon, uh. You should reconsider. Looks can only get a girl so far these days.
 Garment detendant.
 No idea, that's not where we're headed.
 You'll see.
 Stefan! You are a hard man to track down. Uh, I wasn't sure if you're new..friend would invite us in but she said that this was your place. Which means...open invitation to all your mates, right? Got any bourbon? (He walks out of the camera, leaving it on Caroline. She looks a bit angry with her arms folded, she exchanges a look with Stefan, who looks a bit guilty.)
 Good stuff, mate.
 Ah, man of all seasons, jack of all trades. You have a lovely clavicle.
 Forgive me, I always notice a woman's neck. I'm a neck person! So is Stefan, right Stefan?
 Ah, well that's silly. You can't just stop being a neck person.
 Uh, hello. I'm right here, I have super-sensitive hearing. Practically supernatural. Do you believe in the supernatural, Ivy?
 I myself, am I believer. Had to get a witch to do a locator's spell to find my buddy here.
 So, Stefan, tell us, this house, very charming. When'd you get it?
 There, darling. No need to make a scene. Really it's all just some big misunderstanding, perhaps this will clear it all up.
 So many secrets, what are you running from, Stefan?
 What kind of coward gives up on his own brother?
 Why don't you enlighten me?
 Oh, well that was a bit of a bust.  I'll be right back. (Enzo leaves Caroline sobbing in the car.)
 Okay. (He snaps her neck and she falls to the ground.)
 I've got a girl out there crying over you, because she cares so much. (Stefan sits up but doesn't attack Enzo, his eyes are wide in shock.)
 I'm over here trying to figure out why, because I can't see what's worth caring about.
 You know Damon once told me that he promised you an eternity of misery. And I remember thinking "well what could his brother have ever done to inspire so much hatred?" But now I get it...you're not a brother to him. Brother's don't give up. So every time I see you doing anything that looks like you've done so, every time you try to start over in a life that's nothing but a lie, I will make you pay.
 I will be the one to bring you the misery you deserve.
 Yea Rule 1, don't mention Elena was madly in love with Damon or you'll kill me.
 Rule 2 , don't really reference Damon at all or you'll kill me.
 Rule 3, wear sunscreen and ( Caroline cuts in)
 A sentence that sounded oddly supportive and judgemental.
 Well i'll marinate with you.
 But i'm not Stefan.
 Or you'll kill me. Got it.
 Hmmm..That would be..Shirley..A special off the menu item. This little diner is surprisingly well stocked.
 Funny thing about that.You do the first two properly,
 Oh, don't act all shocked.
 Sheriff's investigation? I'm terrified. I already have three warnings. One more is a fine.
 That was Caroline's ice.
 I don't want to kill you, Stefan. (He takes out the wood stick from the ice bag and throws it at Jay who is standing behind Stefan with a gun. It stabs him in the neck.)
 But it looks like he did.
 Right. Cavalry's on their way, so why don't we put a pin in our little spat till this all gets sorted, eh?
 You've got to be bloody kidding me. I just saved your life.
 Good news, Caroline. I thwarted a vampire hunter. Bad news... Stefan has become a vampire hunter.
 Actually, don't. I'm in desperate need of an empty truck bed.
 I avoided the stake he planned to fire at Stefan and me.
 Ah. You didn't realize your friend was a vampire hunter? Well, you do now.
 Yes, it is, and as much as I'd like to watch you process what I'm sure is a dreadful revelation, I need to bury the body.
 Yeah. I found a piece of Service! Would be lovely though.
 This normally works, doesn't it? Knocks vampires right out. See, I'm a bit different than a normal vampire. I can fight the vervain. Not for long, but ... (he heads in Tripp's direction and grabs him). I will have to take care of you. (Two stakes gore Enzo and he lets Tripp off. It was Stefan who attacked Enzo with the stakes.)
 Oh, Tripp's errand boy returns.
 Heh. That's all right, mate. Just lean in, and I'll take it right from the tap.
 Yeah, come on! I'm gonna need my strength back for when you help me escape.
 When did Stefan's moral compass become the new true north? Wasn't he the one who scurried off to some poxy little town while he let everyone believe he was still searching for his brother? Not exactly the hero move, if you ask me.
 Yeah. Probably right. Well except for Elena, Stefan, Caroline.. you... What do you think would happen if I were to tell your boss about known vampires and their... groupies?
 Odd. Must have smelled you coming.
 That's the one.
 Morning, sunshine.
 I'm glad to see you found a way back, mate. 'Fraid it's going to be a short reunion, though. We're headed for Mystic Falls, known for it's bridges, quaint small-town charm, and a really big vampire bug-zapper.
 It probably slipped his mind because he's responsible for my return to incarceration.
 Probably jealous of my accent. Eh, maybe he did it because I killed his new girlfriend.
 Who's that?
 Consumption. Wasn't much fun the first time around, either.
 Hello again. That was quite a mess you made at the border last night. Hit-and-run. Tsk, tsk, tsk. Good thing Matt here was in the neighborhood to give you a ride home.
 Stefan has already made a very passionate argument in favor of snapping your neck, whereas in a surprising role reversal, I've opted for the "let's think this through, get all the information before we kill him" method.
 You don't really think he's a one-man vampire busting operation, do you? Look. While Tripp tortured me for the names of your friends, I had a front-row seat to quite a few urgent phone calls and visits from mysterious right-hand men, many of whom were wearing uniforms not dissimilar to the one you've been traipsing around in. I'd just like to know what they're up to while he's here with us.
 Tripp is still alive, surprisingly torture-resistant but alive.
 My fingers were covered in blood, and the touchscreen wouldn't work.
 Update. Tripp's henchmen kidnapped the sheriff of Mystic Falls.
 Hello, gorgeous.
 Oh, he's fine. Just a little blood loss. I think he may have an iron deficiency problem.
 Hang on. Just so I'm clear. All Caroline had to do to get you to treat her with a modicum of respect, is to stop paying attention to you. Is that how this works?
 Oh. That's brilliant. Of course that's why she hates you. That's how you worked her into such a state in Savannah. That's why she told you to go take a leap. She hates you because she doesn't hate you at all.
 She got a thing for you, mate. Tell your mum I send my best.
 Uh, technically, he's not living. So Stefan has extended family. I'm intrigued.
 Apparently rescuing this one from the world's most dreadful lunch. Matt and Stefan? Sweetheart, you can do so much better. Me for example. I'm Enzo.
 For the record, he did try and kill me first. You are the most terrible wingman.
 Or what?
 Go on then.
 Making threats in front of impressionable family. How brutish.
 She's saying you're stupid, and Stefan is agreeing. Ooh. Now she's saying you're good for nothing, and Stefan is disagreeing. He says you're a great punch line to a joke.
 Don't be jealous you can't vamp hear because you're a big blond bowl of mush. Just be thankful I don't fancy mush.
 You don't find it the least bit strange that they just up and left?
 Because I care about the truth, care about authenticity.
 I do actually, yeah. He abandoned his brother, turned me over to a vampire hunter, and he hurt the one girl who can honestly do no wrong. That's not why I care. No. I care because he does all that and is still considered a hero when I get stuck being a villain.
 What, and Stefan doesn't? Come on. You and I both know that's not true. I'm just up front about it, but Stefan, no, who knows what he's done? He's just a liar with a little box of secrets. Come on, Mush. Let's open the box.
 No screaming, love, and don't move.
 I want the whole story, the one not obscured by the dulcet tones of a blender.
 Then why listen to this one babble on for 20 minutes, why whisk her away to speak privately, hmm? Why wipe her memory, Stefan? She knows something.
 See? He's digging in. Can always spot a liar. How about a countdown? That's fair for everyone, right? 5 seconds. 4...3...
 You'll what?
 Will you? Because Stefan's 5 seconds are up.
 Just think. All of this could have been avoided if you'd have just told the truth. No matter. I'll find out sooner or later.
 And here I thought we were meeting for tea and crumpets.
 And why are you helping me? I thought you unfriended me when I killed that little con artist.
 Eh, two names actually... First Sarah, then Monique, probably others. I asked you why you're helping me.
 Answer the bloody question. Why are you helping me?
 Think I didn't plan for that?
 Fancy something else? I always figured I'd bow out to the Everly brothers or...
 It's a Christmas miracle.
 If we've learned anything from today, it's that we should kill our enemies with haste.
 I said enemies. Don't flatter yourself.
 You were right. I am jealous of Stefan. He has what I want... Respect, family, girls he doesn't deserve. He throws it all away, and yet still somehow manages to come out winning. You are going to help me deplete every ounce of happiness from his life, and when there's nothing left, I'll decide if you get to live. Oh, and, uh, happy holidays.
 Good stuff.
 Same thing you are. Looking for a little...art to decorate my wall. (Enzo sips his wine)
 I only came to see what you were up to today. I hate unanswered questions and you've left me with a few. Such as, what secret did you need to protect by letting me kill that pitiful con artist pretending to be your long-lost relative, Sarah Salvatore? So, I followed you, in your inconspicuous red Porsche off the exit to Chapel Hill, and here we are. Sarah Nelson's photography exhibition.
 Well, it seems that Damon is unaware that the branches of his family tree might extend beyond just you. Call me old-fashioned, but I disapprove of secrets between brothers. So, I'll just go tell Sarah what your name is and 
 Why don't you want to meet Sarah Nelson? You came all this way to see her work.
 Why are you so intent on keeping it?
 You know what, mate? You can keep that piece of art. Photography bores me. I withdraw my bid. (Enzo walks away, drinking his wine.)
 Her uncle, great-uncle, actually, fourth-removed, is a bloody sociopath.
 He's very old. Tried to kill me a few times. Succeeded once. Most recently, he set me up to die, which resulted in days of torture. There I was, getting prodded with a fire-hot poker by a man named Tripp, all the while, keeping my mouth shut and enjoying the pain. If you knew anything about my past, you'd know that this brought back some very unpleasant memories. That's when I started plotting my revenge.
 The best revenge is patient. Cultivated. But never mind all that. Be a doll and help me box up all these photographs, will you?
 Because Damon thinks he killed
 I don't want to kill you,
 I don't
 You
 Really? Grunting at her would
 So? How was your little coffee
 You were a test. I wanted to
 I'm not gonna compel her. I
 I'm going to insinuate myself
 I take it from your abrupt pause that you either had a small stroke or Sarah walked in. It's good news either way. Make her feel welcome, oh, and don't go blabbing details of our little arrangement around the party. Your tongue functions much better inside your mouth. (Beep)
 What is that strange smell? So I hear you're leaving town. Probably smart, considering you tried to kill me and, surprise, I'm still here.
 Take her hand, exchange pleasantries, standard introductory behavior.
 See, that sounded like you telling me what to do.
 Yeah. You're right. That was uncalled for. After all, what has your mum ever done to me? Well, except that one night...
 So I went with something local. It's more noble, right, Jeremy? Mmph... Oh, trying to say something? It's a bit garbled with all the blood. Oh, there. He said, "mmuh..."
 Nothing too serious yet. So care to reconsider my request?(Beep)
 Take a few steps to your left. Here I am. (Tires screeching)
 Are you ok? What happened? Do you need help? I was out walking, and I heard you two.
 I think he punctured a lung.
 Not exactly, sweetheart.
 Look. I can help, but... What's your name?
 Sarah? Right. I need you to remain calm what you're about to see is something you've never seen before. Just promise me you'll remain calm.
 You staying calm, luv?
 In the future, focus on my left side. It's far more attractive.
 We've met before.
 Oh, yes. Uh, Sarah, right? Care to join me for a cup of tea? My best angle's up close and personal. 
 A name is a very personal thing, Sarah. See? Doesn't that feel good?
 
 Fair enough. 
 Three... I'm very rich.
 
 Oh. You want to hear me say it. Fine. I'm a vampire.
 Perhaps you didn't hear me. I said I'm a vampire. You know, Anne Rice, Dracula, that dreadful "Twilight" series.
 
 Darling... 
 
 
 Yeah, I love it.
 
 I'm afraid we found the exception. Told her I was a vampire, and her eyes glazed over... Literally. Pure and utter disinterest.
 
 
 
 
 A hard knock life, isn't it?
 My apologies, Cinderella. What are you doing?
 Uh, the whole point of flipping your humanity switch is that you don't care how you leave things.
 You, Caroline Forbes, vampire without humanity, auditioning for the school play?
 Find my Phone led me here, though it didn't explain why your sticky little fingers needed it last night.
 Why'd you need Sarah's number?
 That's both clever and deeply unsettling. Tell me she's still alive.
 Which means Stefan's humanity's a thing of the past.
 Really hoping you got enough vervain to get Blondie and her cohort from here to the Salvatore cellar without further drama.
 Ah. I see. Your girl has got a bun in the oven, and now you've gone all gun-shy. Vamp hearing.
 Granted, a cowardly father. Probably play catch and run from the ball, or go fishing and flee from the fish.
 There you are! Definite role-model material.
 Oh, a fellow smart-ass. I see why you were his drinking buddy. Oh, you're gonna have to knock-off the hard stuff while you're breastfeeding, mate.
 Yeah, I do. In fact, I have a whole elaborate revenge-scheme against him. But, unfortunately, in order to truly hurt someone, they have to care.
 A game's more fun with two players.
 And what? Reevaluate my flippant disregard for human life?
 Sounds lovely.
 Bollocks.
 Nice negligée!
 Look, Sarah... It was a mistake bringing you into my life.
 Look, the truth is, you've been a pawn in a game that I've now lost interest in playing. But, you're no ordinary girl, Sarah Salvatore. You deserve better.
 
 Since your great-great-great uncle Stefan nearly got you killed.
 It's time for you to meet your real family.
 
 
 I've met that woman before, in 1903.
 She's the one who turned me into a vampire.
 Because your uncle Stefan compelled you to forget to keep you a secret from your other uncle, Damon, after he killed your parents. And, you would have shared their fate had it not been for your other uncle.
 Well, actually, no  The good brother recently went bad, and I was hoping to leave you in the care of the bad brother, who actually is less bad now than the good brother.
 Yeah, look  I can try repeating it, love, but it won't be any clearer the second time. 
 I have a ticket. I've paid!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 UNGH!
 
 Well, that saves me an awkward conversation.
 Don't beat yourself up. I remember what it was like to be so naive.
 
 What? Why are you saying that? I thought you could help me.
 You should go as well. I do not wish to repay your acts of kindness by affecting you.
 
 What are you, an angel?
 You were ripped from the womb of a dead woman. Stefan compelled away the truth, but the emotional scars still linger. How else do you explain your morbid fascinations, hmm? 
 
 I haven't heard that song since I was a boy.
 Why are you doing this?
 I was abandoned at a workhouse at the age of four. It was not a place known for its kindness.
 Is that where you're heading, to meet them?
 It would appear the end is coming.
 Yeah, that's because you don't know about the hunger.
 
 
 
 After feeding on the charlatan, I searched all over that ship for that woman, but she was gone. Her promises of a new life and a new family were lies. She made me a monster, and then abandoned me.
 Who knows? Probably some sick game.
 Exactly. The goal was the same. I wanted to do to you what had been done to me  to make you a monster.
 Good. Now that the vervain's out of your system, how does South Hampton sound? 
 Ah, but you'll be safe.
 Have a nice life, Sarah Nelson.
 Thought you were off learning to be a sheriff?
 I'm through with all that. I've decided a direct approach is best. One of your diners owes me some answers.
 That will depend on how this conversation goes.
 Yes, and as chance would have it, your son and I are old friends.
 So does, "epic understatement."
 Don't mind if I do.
 Neither, thanks. And I'm not eating.
 Heh. That was painful. What's the matter? Your all-blood diet make you forget how restaurants work?
 What are you talking about?
 That old chestnut.
 Lily, you turned me and left me on a passenger ship full of headless corpses! Wouldn't it be easier to say you forgot what cabin number I was in?
 At least it gives you and Stefan something to bond over Or, maybe not.
 Not one for the maternal instincts, I see.
 Sounds like a chore.
 Oh, has she now?
 You've got a lot to learn about your son.
 Eh, he's not the most trustworthy chap.
 Figured you were aware.
 Your family?
 Your real family is right here in this house.
 Lily, relax.
 In 1903, I was sick. My own family had abandoned me, and you took me under your wing and rescued me from death. As it turns out, loyalty is important to me, too.
 It's okay. You're okay.
 Damon. Never been to a bachelor party before!
 
 That was utterly adorable.
 Oh, believe me, there are a number of places I'd rather be... Strapped to a gurney, having my spleen cut out, for instance! Unfortunately for me, I'm here because your mother needs your help.
 Apparently, her beloved Ascendant's been destroyed. She's in bad shape. Could use a bit of your time.
 See? Now that's what I call a missed opportunity. Perfect time to tell your brother you're hanging up your fangs for a pair of khakis.
 Yes, you do. I might have plied Alaric with enough alcohol to slur the news into my ear.
 Yeah, once you mastered the art of returning phone calls.
 What, with the prospect of taking the cure? No point in agonizing  you won't go through with it.
 You! You're selfish, Damon. Being human isn't what you really want. I mean, don't get me wrong, I like that about you. A man should be consistent. But, take it from someone who you left to burn to death in order to save your own skin  no one changes that much. Not even under the magical influence of Elena Gilbert. 
 Ahhh. Broken glassware, the overwhelming scent of fresh blood... I see the family reunion went without a hitch.
 I was looking for Damon. Word is that he took off to find Elena.
 
 Ahh, that's right. You haven't heard. Damon has the cure, and if we're to believe his bluster, he plans on taking it with Elena.
 Based on the look of shock on your face, you don't. 
 Ahh. So, we can either stand here and debate the merits of Damon's word, or we can split up and find your mum before she rips their heads off. Which is it gonna be?
 Look who's awake.
 Just wanted to make sure you're in good hands.
 She's fragile. She should be around someone she trusts.
 I'll come visit, Lily. This is a family matter now.
 Relax, relax. I'm not here to cause mischief.
 I told Lilly I'd visit.
 Excuse me, little witch.
 She's lonely, and hungry.
 I'm not trying to feed her. I'm trying to keep her sane. That is filled with loads of songs from the last era she knew. I thought it might bring her comfort. If you're not a complete monster, I trust you'll pass it on.
 And to what do I owe the pleasure?
 And they let you out of your cell to do this?
 Hmm. Should I be concerned about an imminent Ripper binge?
 Perhaps your companions gave you the wrong address?
 Then who did?
 Good, you're up. Sorry to be indecorous, but you were both solidly unconscious when I pulled you from the wedding mayhem.
 Elena is in the hospital with Damon. Kai is dead, and all the Gemini's are going down with him. And. I grabbed the two of you to help me deal with a bigger problem.
 We're all monsters in some way, I suppose.
 I can because I've been searching for that my whole life.
 That building, it wasn't there last night.
 Kai must have had this cloaked. When he died... Heh.
 It's a crime for the prettiest girl in the bar to sit alone.
 Two of your finest scotch, please, darling.
 
 
 Well, in the meantime, you've summoned me to New York. My interest is piqued.
 
 
 
 
 That boy is not your errand boy.
 Find your own damn rock.
 
 
 
 No, don't clump me in with Lily's circus freaks.
 
 What is it with everyone's incessant need to write down every single feeling?
 
 
 
 Yeah, someone killed Malcolm. I believe he was her eldest.
 
 I reckon it goes without saying I chose Lily.
 Sorry, love. It will only hurt for a second.
 Someone killed Malcolm. Lily need to retaliate.
 
 Hush now, deep breath.
 There you are.
 Oh God, I hate whiners.
 It's all right, you two. I've got her.
 
 Yeah, temporarily. Mary Louise and Nora managed to catch her. Now it's a "No Boys Allowed Zone."
 
 
 Oh, so I should condone someone I care about being tortured?
 
 That would be foolish of me, considering I'm the one who kidnapped her.
 
 
 Well, in her eyes, Malcolm was more a Salvatore than you ever were. Why else would she bury him in the family crypt next to Elena?
 
 Okay, invite her in.
 Sorry, love.
 How was the burial?
 Oh, I don't need you to advocate for me. She made her bed. Perhaps she should lie in it.
 Do you consider me a part of your family? Like the others?
 
 Well, there was no "us" in my choice. I chose you.
 I'm here because of you.
 I'm taking the guest bedroom in the east wing. Goodnight.
 Breakkie! What are we having?
 I'm impressed. Especially considering how late you got home last night.
 Is something wrong?
 Really? You hear about the noises in the old boarding house? The mysterious figure haunting the clock tower? Tell your ghostbusters to charge up their proton packs  they've hit the proverbial jackpot!
 
 
 
 
 Yeah, but sometimes, it's nice to get out of the house...
 Take a drive, get out of town, come back. Wouldn't you agree?
 Town surveillance has you on the road to and from Whitmore last night in a stolen car. Curious, how Oscar was also at Whitmore last night and has since mysteriously disappeared. So... heh... Yes, I am accusing you of something. I'm just not sure whether it's lying to Lily, or murder, or both.
 
 Heh. Well, maybe it's easier if I just ask Lily. And I'm sure she'll be eager to uncover the truth and punish you for it.
 What monster is that?
 
 Trick or treat?
 Who's Julian?
 I've heard a lot of names in this house since I moved in. But Julian? That's a new one. Which means your family isn't talking about him for a reason.
 "Was?" Or "is?"
 
 You're welcome.
 
 Or, you're planning your escape. Only a matter of time before Oscar sobers up and fingers you as his would-be murderer, which clearly you're bloody awful at.
 I want, dear, not-so-innocent Valerie, for you to tell me how we're going to prevent Julian from walking back into Lily's life.
 Things are bad out there, love. You can't hide in here forever.
 Enjoy it, mate. It's the last of it.
 Oh, I've had a few bad nights myself over the years.
 Oh, what's the occasion?
 Ah, Julian, I presume.
 
 
 
 Well, I suggest you get a move on, because Lily and company are right behind you.
 
 
 
 Well, I do admire your nerve, sticking around. Now, myself? I'd be flat-hunting on the other side of the planet if I were the only thing standing between Damon Salvatore and his everlasting happiness with Elena. Maybe the danger gives you a thrill? It could be a case of puppy love...
 Good talk. Nice of you to stop by.
 
 Well, I'm afraid Oscar is not feeling quite like himself today, so maybe another time.
 Bollocks.
 
 
 Found Oscar a few blood bags stashed in the study. Probably expired, but he does not seem picky.
 I meant to ask you about this pretty stone. Where'd you find it?
 That's funny. Lily's been looking for one just like it.
 
 What the hell is he talking about?
 
 Or, I could just jump out that window while you fend for yourself.
 First, tell me why it's so special!
 Julian.
 He's not a Heretic. He's a long-lost vampire boyfriend.
 What makes you think I want romantic advice from a love-lorn witch?
 Bad news  I think Oscar just learned how to siphon.
 Here, boy. Fetch.
 Finders keepers.
 Oscar died two nights ago when Valerie killed him. I'm pretty sure that Damon and Bonnie brought him back with this.
 I suspect they didn't get it quite right, though  he went mad and tried to kill me.
 Why would Valerie throw away everything  her family, your respect, her livelihood  just to keep Julian away from you?
 And what? Stand idly by while you reawaken some bloke who may or may not have complete control over you.
 That's exactly what I'm asking.
 
 
 Since you're here  if anyone's wondering, you're my date.
 
 Lorenzo.
 I'll send them your compliments.
 Oh, what I got in return was priceless. Julian is looking for Oscar's car. I intend to find it first.
 What are you doing?
 
 Anyway, I got what I came for. Have a nice night.
 
 
 
 Well, I'm assuming Julian doesn't want it for it's Bluebook value.
 Charming.
 I'll wager this is what Julian's looking for. Wonder what makes it so special?
 No. I don't need research to tell me which one's the pointy end. What do we need to know?
 Well, there's one way to find out  ram it through his chest. See what happens.
 Not if I make it look like self-defense.
 Is that a hint of concern for me I detect in your voice?
 You know who I am.
 Oh, that's funny. She hardly mentioned you.
 I left something behind that means a great deal to me  my guitar.
 Yeah, I doubt that.
 She loves it when I play for her.
 Sometimes begs me to. There is no point trying to deny her.
 
 Did you make any promises about outside?
 That's your strategy? Bore me into submission?
 I see you two have met before.
 On the contrary, I reckon that sword was forged for that very purpose.
 Incoming.
 Nice aim.
 Wait. Back up. What are you talking about, linked himself to your mom?
 Damon, tell me you did not just kill Lily.
 Guess we could both use a drink.
 With the sword, or with Lily? Because the answer's the same.
 When nine Russians tell you you're drunk, you lie down. Lily made her intentions clear.
 So you... embed her with a psychopath? Sounds logical.
 
 Julian treats Lily's Heretics like they're his own royal children. And they worship him right back. They'll never turn on him.
 
 
 Oh, looking for the self-help section. Seems I've developed, um, feelings for someone with terrible taste, and yet... I can't seem to shake her.
 Ah. "But could youth last and love still breed, had joys no date, nor age no need, then these delights my mind might move to live with thee and be thy love."
 Well, there's a lot about me that you haven't... allowed yourself to know.
 The poems of Sir Walter Raleigh, a proper Englishman. Oh, this looks like a decent edition...
 Do you really think some bauble will convince the Heretics to side with you over an evil step-daddy who spoils them rotten with ponies and ice cream?
 Yes, you do. Run. Leave town with me. Let your sons carry out their plan while you're off the grid.
 
 Come with me.
 But if you could...
 Good luck, Lily. You'll need it.
 Oh, so, so sorry, Officer. I found this one wandering about and assumed she was of, uh... drinking age.
 Well, let's just say I didn't get the girl.
 I don't think the life-saving business suits you, mate.
 Mmm, yeah. Well, I suppose that brings your tally to a whopping one.
 I might ask the same thing about you. The Heretics are throwing a murder-party in your precious hometown  
 You're over-matched. You've brought a knife to a gunfight, and it's gonna be the death of you.
 What the hell did you do?
 Who are these friends?
 AAH!
 Hey. You all right?
 
 
 What, Matt didn't tell you? Thought he'd be crowing all over town he'd called in some shadowy organization to hunt me down and cage me up.
 It didn't turn out the way he'd expected, guarantee you that. Now, look, we've got to get this body out of here before someone notices, so a bit of cloaking would probably be helpful.
 You see? I knew if I sent those postcards, one of the Heretics would lead me right to you.
 Easy, Love. You're just gonna hurt yourself.
 Right. We're going to have to sedate her.
 Huh, hilarious. I'm looking for Bonnie. She's not taking my calls.
 I'm looking for Rayna Cruz's sword. Let's just say that it's beyond urgent.
 Does Bonnie know what you did to Elena?
 How you incinerated your true love while she slept so soundly inside her casket? 
 Like I had a choice.
 Damon, Bonnie, meet Rayna Cruz.
 We all good? If so, I could use a little help with these ropes.
 Oh, right, yes, yes, a traitor. That explains why I'm vervained to a theater seat.
 Are you going to untie me?
 You're gonna kill me? Look, mate, I assure you that giving Rayna Cruz the Phoenix Sword was not on my list of things to do today.
 
 Elena's alive.
 No, you weren't of sound mind. You were hallucinating. You saw what you wanted to see.
 Tyler thought it best to have an empty decoy coffin.
 Let's just say that we have... mutual friends who have the real coffin and the real Elena.
 
 Good. You made it.
 This is The Armory, home to a society of supernatural artifact collectors. We keep them under lock and key so they don't fall into the wrong hands.
 
 They're out on their own supernatural treasure hunt. But, lucky you, they've recruited me to nab Rayna Cruz.
 Ever since that annoying Phoenix Stone turned up in Mystic Falls, she's been top priority. They actually consider her one of the... supernatural wonders of the world.
 They have something I want.
 
 Who the hell are you?
 If it's all the same, I'd rather just be cut loose and be on my way.
 How do you know about my family?
 Needless to say, I've been working for The Armory ever since. Look, all we need to do is get Stefan here, and Rayna will have no choice but to follow. A rat to the cheese. We spring the trap, and The Armory keeps her under lock and key forever after. Everyone gets on with their lives.
 What do you say?
 I find Rayna Cruz, they fill in the blanks.
 
 You know where he is?
 Found him where you left him, in a pool of his own blood. Poor bloke's been in a coma ever since.
 He's an associate of ours, actually. We take care of our own.
 Cookie for you. No, it turns out Tyler made contact with the Armory during his hunter sojourns. So, when Matt Donovan needed help with the vampire problem in Mystic Falls, he called Tyler, who then called the Armory, thinking they'd put me away for good. Little did he know... they wanted me to work for them instead.
 Oh, don't worry about Tyler. We're simply keeping him alive until his werewolf transformation stirs him awake and heals him up. Shouldn't be long now.
 Oh, did I forget to mention that tonight's a full moon? Well, look  you're welcome to watch the show with me, on this side of the glass. Just give me Stefan's location.
 
 Damon put Tyler in a coma. Bit of a hallucination mix-up that resulted in Damon introducing Tyler's skull to the pavement several times. If the Armory hadn't found him, he'd be a vegetable... or dead.
 I locked him in a room with Tyler, on a full moon. Yes, you heard that right  your bestie, your sidekick, your humanity project. The man who spins your moral compass in a tizzy. If he doesn't give over Stefan's location by the wolfing hour, he's a dead man.
 I injected you with one of the Armory's toys. You're in a magical time-out. Feel free to dispense with the menacing posture.
 Sorry. Members only, love.
 
 Where did that get me? Huh? Lily's dead. I have nowhere to live, no town to call home. The Enzo you knew didn't get what he wanted. This one will.
 When I told you Damon was in trouble, you leaped to your feet, tried to stop me. Didn't matter what he'd done, how he hurt Tyler  your first instinct was to help him. That's what I want.
 
 
 For four months? Four months of learning your mission statements, helping you track this woman with postcards and lies, scouring the globe? Four months that brought me nothing! No answers. No family.
 Consider our deal terminated.
 
 
 What are you talking about?
 You actually came. I'm shocked.
 No, actually.
 I had to reattach it. But thank you for your concern.
 Well, at least you're thinking of me. I take it you received my messages?
 
 
 Not funny.
 It must have just happened.
 Every time Rayna dies, one of the bodies decays. We've lost quite a few this past week, and if we lose all of them, Rayna dies for good.
 You have five seconds to tell me exactly what's happening, or you're not leaving here alive.
 
 
 No, because every time Rayna dies, she comes back stronger!
 
 This is the spell those shamans used to create her.
 
 Well, that's not all. The shamans didn't want her going to her eternal rest with any unfinished business, so they added an extra addendum.
 Stefan has one of those scars, doesn't he?
 What the hell are you doing?
 The Armory is on their way to Mystic Falls. They'll be there soon.
 And maybe that will kill her, and Stefan, too.
 You're willing to kill for him? Do you really think he cares that much about you?
 
 
 
 All he wants is to cooperate with me. I compelled him to summon you here while remaining silent and calm.
 Detective, cuff yourself to the car.
 So, by now, I'm sure Alex has decided that I'm the one who let Rayna escape, which, of course, is untrue.
 But what I've yet to understand is... why did you release Rayna Cruz?
 I'm here for work. Everyone's looking for Rayna, of course. The Armory sent an alert when she escaped. I knew she'd used Caroline to set a trap for Stefan, so I wasn't surprised by the hostage broadcast. But I did grow curious when the police failed to respond. I discovered that you convinced them the whole thing was a hoax. Now, why would you do that?
 I reckoned you wouldn't talk, even if I tortured you. So, I'm going to torture him instead.
 
 
 Fast-acting stuff, isn't it? That does will keep you quiet for an hour or so.
 
 
 
 Who promised you?
 Incorrect. I'm guessing she only told you that to motivate you.
 
 Listen to me! If those pills are fatal to witches, then you and I need to work together.
 Because I care about this as much as you do. I swear it on my life.
 Damon Salvatore. A voice from the great beyond!
 You sound a bit worse for wear, mate.
 
 Why? What do you need?
 Oh, I know just the spot! Literally.
 The Armory uses an airfield near Dallas. I'll text you and Stefan the coordinates for the hostage exchange.
 
 
 
 Unless you're eager for captivity or death, I advise you to do this my way.
 Luring Rayna to the air strip makes it worth Alex's while to come out into the open. I'll tell her to bring Mary Louise, but leave her lackeys behind. Did Alex give you a phone to use?
 Cheers.
 Let's just say I prefer the direct approach.
 And as promised, here I am.
 What about the antidote?
 
 NO! I need her first.
 For your sake, I hope you're lying.
 
 I haven't stolen anything, all right? Seems to me you've just lost track of your possessions.
 
 Damon. To what do I owe the pleasure?
 
 I'm no longer affiliated with that organization. Try to keep up.
 Oh, is that so? Well, then let me ask you a question  How's Bonnie? You know, the best friend that you just abandoned. What's her life been like since you decided to just push the pause button on your pathetic existence?
 
 Afraid so. Lucky for me, you seem to be a bit off your game today.
 Don't bother. They know where you are. Seems that Alex St. John got everything she needed from you.
 Let's just say that I have my reasons.
 Are you aware that the Armory has engineered a type of pill that suppresses magic?
 I need to know if the effects of those pills can be reversed.
 Or, I could slit your throat and throw you in a dumpster. It depends on your attitude.
 How do you know? If I put enough of these through your eyeballs, you'll probably never wake up.
 The hospital left a message with your doctor. Said you had an incident with another patient.
 
 
 The pills are making you sick.
 I didn't-I didn't know, but the Armory was, was-was experimenting on Mary Louise. They forced these pills down her throat every day for the past three years, and as a result, she became very... very ill.
 It's because she knew she was dying.
 I'm-I'm so sorry... Uh, I-I thought I was protecting you.
 
 Shh. Shh
 Alex told the Armory to bring you in. I'm not gonna let them.
 Thank me when this is over, love.
 Do you feel well enough to travel? 'Cause the minute those anti-magic pills wear off, Alex will be able to track you again.
 Ah, love. Come here.
 
 He wants to help. And if I'm being completely honest, we could use it.
 You know, the odds of us getting through this without a single word being spoken...
 
 We'll be safe here for a few hours. I've kept this place off the grid for years.
 
 Hey, hey. You're not a prisoner, Bonnie. I'm trying to keep you safe.
 Yeah, it's to keep you hidden from the Armory. Alright?
 Look, I don't know why they want you, but they want you, and in my experience, when they're being dodgy about what they want, it's because they want it for dodgy purposes.
 No, my allegiance is to myself. Simpler that way.
 What you should want to know is why you're important to Alex. Now, in exchange for protection, plus complimentary room and board, you're gonna do some research for me, college girl. Sift through these and figure out why the Armory is so desperate to get their hands on you.
 While I'm away, keeping up appearances with them... If you take one of these every day, you'll be safe. Hidden from locator spells.
 I'm sure Alex has a cozy little cell waiting for you.
 Maybe I'd rather see you alive than dead. Maybe I'm just curious about what the Armory's plans are. Or maybe I'm just showing you common decency. I can tell you're not used to that.
 I expect nothing less.
 Her brain is full of visions. She's still got a mystical connection to all those vampires who escaped the phoenix stone. It's made her a little... loony.
 You're on your last mortal life.
 Now, what we'd like to do is to take that shamanic life and transfer it to Bonnie. We think it will heal her.
 Bonnie thinks it will work. She's very well-read on this stuff.
 
 You've been chasing vampires every day of your eight lives. Every day. Then a couple of renegade Heretics went and blew up the phoenix stone, and now a bunch of its prisoners are out in the wind again.
 So, for the rest of your remaining days, you will have to chase those vampires to the ends of the Earth until you're too old and too weak. And, you know what? You'll probably die before you can finish the task you've been compelled by destiny to complete.
 Hey.
 They look like footballs in pumpkin costumes.
 What have you got there?
 No, actually. Uh, Alex said they were all sealed off.
 What sort of good stuff?
 Outliers?
 A doppelgänger.
 A shamanic huntress with multiple lives.
 A terrible guitar player.
 You still haven't burned this bloody letter?
 You know, he left me, too. Damon. We were best mates, side by side in Augustine cells for five years, each other's only friend. We gave each other hope. And then, one day, instead of implementing an escape plan we formulated together, he left me in a burning cage to die.
 So... believe me when I tell you that I know how you feel. And, look, let me just spare you the fifty years of mental anguish. It's not you, it's him, It's just who Damon is. So, stop wasting your time trying to figure out if it's something you did. Someone like you, with all that fire and passion and... loyalty, you deserve much, much better than that.
 It's New Year's Eve. Get up. We're having dinner.
 Mm.
 Oh, and for the love of God, please put on something besides these abhorrent sweatpants.
 I'm instituting a dress code. For the holiday.
 I thought you deserved a proper celebration.
 Well, you've called me far worse than that in the past.
 What else does Virginia say?
 Well, at least she knows what that is. I'm still trying to figure it out.
 You have two parents, right?
 Oh, sorry. Um, had  I know your dad died. I had none. Curiosity about what they stand for is what keeps me from hating them for leaving me.
 What?
 What?
 
 May I have this dance?
 Enough research for one day.
 
 All?
 Eh, getting better.
 You are nearly an expert.
 Quite
 As lovely as this evening has been, I really must get going.
 But I've already stayed too long. If I don't show up, Alex will wonder where I am.
 Happy New Year.
 I'm flattered!
 Well, it makes no difference to me. I'm in here alone.
 Shopping for chairs, of course.
 I don't control Bonnie's movements.
 
 I... Sorry, I don't mean to be callous, but unless that vault has a well-stocked kitchen, I'm afraid your sister has died of starvation.
 I am sure that you did not come here so we could discuss our feelings.
 Don't worry about me, love. Our cousin Alex only wanted to have a chat, and then she let me go.
 Agreed.
 Of course. Yeah, she's still banging on about this vault and how we should both work together. You know, I actually think she's being sincere.
 No, not for a second. She's closing in.
 So, look, after I wrestle myself a car, I'll meet back up with you and we'll get back to Rayna's list, alright?
 Hello? You still there?
 Um... a week. Maybe less.
 I only heard two dogs howling at the noise!
 Yeah. Been busy at work  they have me traveling more than I hoped. I trust your other pastimes have borne more results than your guitar?
 Oh, yeah?
 Color me impressed.
 Let me show you.
 Not really.
 Here. This is it. Okay. You want to loosen up your hands. In there. And strum.
 Yeah, now back to the one chord. Right. There you go.
 That's it.
 You wanted to get out of the house.
 Come now, surely this qualifies as a date, of a sort.
 Doesn't it?
 Sorry. I don't know you.
 Well, this sounds like the beginning of an accusation.
 Well, it's a good thing you took care of him, then.
 No. No, you're just gonna lie down in a coffin, hope that when you wake up, the mess you made will be cleaned up.
 You made a choice.
 Aw, that's a shame, love. You're in dire need of practice.
 She's still got a mystical connection to all those vampires who escaped the Phoenix Stone.
 You're on your last mortal life. What we'd like to do is to take that life and transfer it to Bonnie.
 Rayna's list is too long to kill each one twice.
 Have you lost your mind?
 And I'll kill every last one of them.
 I can't. I can't give up.
 What, like all the excitement and adventure I provided you within the confines of these four walls?
 Please. You were never that beastly.
 Bonnie can make her own decisions.
 Uh, you do realize by forcing her hand, you've just dashed any hope of Bonnie ever absolving you?
 Oh, don't pretend this is all in service of some altruistic desire to save Bonnie. This was all so you could assuage your own guilt over abandoning her.
 Oh, what, do you want a round of applause for your betrayal? Bravo. Well done.
 It won't be long now, my darling. Damon and Rayna will take it from here. Just... hang in there. Caroline's making you her apparently famous "get well" soup.
 Bonnie? Nice and slow.
 Considering you were on death's door, that's probably a good thing.
 Hey.
 There's the girl I love.
 Right. What should we drink to then?
 Nothing's happening, mate. That's the problem. Bonnie won't wake up.
 
 
 Waking up means she'll have to kill us. So what if the reason Bonnie isn't waking up is because she's Bonnie?
 What, so one of us needs to delve into her subconscious, and... do what exactly?
 She's my girl. I'll do it.
 Something wrong, Deputy? 
 Bonnie is comatose on Damon's bed. Have your pathetic rules ever meant less?
 Well, no disrespect to your dead girl, but my still alive girl is hanging on by a thread, and I'm about to use my vampire powers to try to find a loophole in her subconscious, knowing full well that if I fail, I'll be forever marked for death at her hands.
 Yeah, how'd that work out for her? 
 
 Uh, so long as you don't fight my mucking around in your subconscious.
 Maybe you've just been looking in the wrong place, love. 
 No, this is my fantasy now, remember?
 How could I forget? You're trying to remember your life without vampires. Remember us instead. When we wrote music together you not only tolerated a vampire, you fell in love with one. 
 Well, you don't have a choice. If you don't take Rayna's life...
 No. No, that is not an option. Do you hear me?
 I'm sorry, Bonnie, but the one thing I can't do is leave you.
 That's the least of my concerns. She's fighting it, all right... Just not the way we want her to. If waking up means killing us, she'd rather just slip away.
 Mind if I join you?
 Bonnie's alive. That's all that matters to me.
 Well, as much as it pains me to say it, Matt was man of the match tonight. He found a lead on the shaman who helped Rayna turn Bonnie. Turns out that shaman was quite willing to talk... once he had a good look at his own entrails. 
 Maybe, maybe not. 
 Uh, you're forgetting why Bonnie the Good Witch sealed the whole building shut. The evil in the basement escaped from its vault and now it could be anywhere in that bloody maze.
 Bonnie's life is linked to that of the final Everlasting. If we sever the link, it might also sever the curse. Unfortunately for us, the Everlasting resides in the Armory. The evil in the basement escaped from its vault and could be anywhere.
 Coming after one of us. Where else? Weren't you meant to be on a plane?
 I've been told differently.
 A descendent of the people who created Rayna Cruz.
 Well, whether we believe them or not, it's Bonnie's only chance.
 Oh, you mean the ambiguously terrifying monster from the vault? I'm on it. Perhaps once it's less ambiguous, it will be less terrifying.
 My name's Enzo. Bonnie's friend.
 It's complicated.
 That's why I'm here. We need to know exactly what we're dealing with, so we can fight it.
 Don't be scared, love. Now tell me what it is.
 Don't be ridiculous. No tentacles.
 Will it deter you from going in?
 Then no, you don't. Has anyone heard from Valerie?
 Somebody has a plan. Care to share?
 I fear you've forgotten just how messy I can be.
 This was the best you could find?
 Spot of turbulence?
 Yeah, except not everyone is waiting at the Armory.
 My part. I need a favor from you. I need you to think about me.
 All right, I'll pretend that doesn't hurt my feelings. Look, I know your urges are strong and you can't control them, but you can focus them. Chase me, and only me, and it'll give our friends some time to sort all this out.
 Come on, love. I'll lead you on a little, wild goose chase.
 Now come and get me.
 I was running out of gas, which means you were gonna catch up to me eventually. I cannot begin to know what you're feeling...but I thought, if you came here...
 Maybe we could share a meal and a drink, one last time.
 Come on. My risotto isn't that bad.
 Huh...maybe it is.
 I can't move.
 No, you don't want to do this.
 I'm trying...but I dare say you've gotten stronger.
 I'm afraid I'm at my limit.
 It's okay, it's okay. But I need one thing from you. When this is over, don't remember this moment. Remember the other ones  New Year's Eve and champagne... and your terrible, terrible guitar playing that never really got any better, even though I said it did.
 And remember that I had over a century of pain and loneliness before I found you...and then three...glorious years of love. I love you.
 You don't have to.
 Uh, would it have killed you to have done it, I don't know, five minutes sooner?
 They didn't.
 Damon! Get out of there!
 Damon?
 I snuck off. Didn't feel like playing scissors, paper, stone over who was going to save your life.
 from what I can tell, heroes always do right by their girl.
 Had a feeling.
 There you are.
 Never gets old, does it?
 
 
 
 
 Yeah, maybe it's time we, uh, let this one go. It hurts.
 We could use a ride. It's the least you could do.
 
 Renfields!
 We'll just call it "mind control."
 Come on, winner gets a prize!
 
 You're doing something wrong, pal.
 So, what's the worst thing you've ever done?
 
 I'll deal with this one. You do the honors?
 Want to watch some TV?
 All right. Night, then.
 Darling, your guitar playing would send Odysseus sailing in the other direction.
 Right, let me save you from yourself.
 Have you really never read The Odyssey?
 
 Because one day you'll play like a Siren, and on that day, I know you'll love me forever.
 Only true love can make you conquer your absolute lack of skill.
 Come here.
 Dumped the girl.
 You know the rules. Last night was pushing it  it wants real evil, not these lightweight losers we've been feeding it.
 I'm trying! Which is more than you're doing.
 How long is this bad-guy slaughter going to last? How many more bodies will it take before this is over?
 It can get into our minds. It knows how I feel.
 Do you have any control left?
 Me, I'm down to about... I don't know, two percent?
 Oh, so you really have nothing left inside?
 I'm sorry, did we wake you? When does this end?! How many more bodies 'til you're full?
 
 
 You need to leave now, Stefan, before Damon is forced to do something no one is going to like.
 Go.
 You really never read The Odyssey?
 
 More importantly, this book is one of the greatest love stories of all time.
 When it comes to you, love, I would never stop fighting. I would brave the oceans and sail past the Sirens to find my way back to you.
 
 
 Not every victim needs a monologue.
 What is it with Middle America and evil?
 Stay with us. Don't say anything.
 We are.
 Beats me, mate. You saw for yourself, it wants me in line, I'm in line.
 Hmm.
 If I had to guess, I'd say it was singing.
 How many more bodies till you're full?
 I would brave the oceans and sail past the sirens to find my way back to you.
 Well, on that day, I was unprepared for your attack. Now I'm prepared. Anyway, I don't know why you're complaining. My free will is at rock bottom. I do almost everything you say, even when I don't want to.
 "Eventually" may be quite some time. My previous record for torture was 70 years and change. The other fellow blinked first, by the way.
 Don't know; don't care.
 Maybe she's someone from the telenovela I'm hooked on.
 Go.
 That's not how you play 20 questions. Regardless, your answer is either Jesus Christ or me.
 I'm not resisting anything. I'm here, stalking Sarah Nelson, with you, as instructed. What in this tableau reads as me resisting?
 You are impossibly needy.
 Because I'm wondering what the boss lady's up to. Why is she suddenly pushing the pause button on her mysterious master plan?
 How are you so afraid of her, without your emotions? Not so much I'm afraid of her. I'm afraid of that eternal damnation preview she gave me when she got in my head. 
 That's mind games. None of it's real.
 A gentleman introduces himself first, Damon Salvatore. May we talk somewhere privately, Ms. Nelson?
 We've fallen into a lack of civility. Thought I'd switch it up. I'm glad our time together taught you to defend yourself.
 No, you'll have to leave town of your own accord, then. Have you got a passport?
 Still a renter, I see.
 What are you lot doing here?
 Hello, luv.
 Oh, it wasn't so cryptic. You understood it, didn't you?
 Well, therein lies the dilemma. The more specific my thoughts are, the more she can key in on me psychically.
 No, she doesn't sport a fish tail. Though she does like to swim.
 As far as I can tell, she wants two loyal soldiers to keep bringing her supper. You didn't see what she looked like before she fed on the flesh of 87 victims. It wasn't pretty.
 We were in the vault when she needed a snack? I don't know, Bonnie. I really wish I did.
 I'm hoping that can be discerned by others. I myself am completely occupied maintaining my own cover. I'll have to return to her soon.
 I'm not. And neither are you if I stay here.
 No, don't. Don't. I can't allow myself to think about how important you are.
 Look, understand my situation. The enemy has been entering my mind. Attacking me mentally. Digging for ways to leverage my obedience.
 Much to my dismay. My interrogator wouldn't leave my head until I gave her a meaningful name. All I can do now is try not to get Sarah killed.
 Hurry.
 We have to move quickly. I expect my captor is looking for me now, wondering where I've gone.
 I have been fighting her. Every moment of every day. Hiding my innermost thoughts to make her believe that there's nothing she can hold against me. I have to get back to keep up the pretense. Do you follow?
 What-what have you done?
 Stop driving.
 I have to get out.
 I'm too far away from her. She's trying to pull me back in. We need to turn around right now!
 Now!
 It's not that simple. My mind is bonded to hers. She's gone on the attack. Tightening her hold.
 There is no breaking free. There's no escaping her reach. Every moment we spend together is another moment she could discover how I feel about you.
 You never lost me, Bonnie Bennett.
 I can't put you in any more danger. You have to let me go. You have to let me go.
 Back on task, I see.
 You have to let me go. You have to.
 Know this, luv. I will never stop fighting. I will brave the oceans and sail past the sirens to find my way back to you.
 The more specific my thoughts are, the more she can key in on me psychically.
 She wants two loyal soldiers to keep bringing her supper. Well, my mind is bonded to hers. Every moment we spend together is another moment she could discover how I feel about you.
 Well, if you're feeling peckish, don't let me stop you.
 Which will be about as effective as Plan "A." She means nothing to me.
 Just admiring the ladies' craftsmanship.
 Yeah, hardly a fair fight at that.
 Oh, yes, yes. How naive of me to think that you were my friend.
 Oh, don't bother, mate. She's been messing around in the recesses of his brain, toying with the safe places in his subconscious. Lord only knows the damage she's done.
 Afraid I don't have enough free will left in the tank for that.
 You think I want this? He's not gonna stop, Stefan. But I will put him down if I have to. If you get in my way, I will kill you, too.
 Damon...
 What?
 Sorry, love. I'm not seeing many other options.
 Bonnie, Bonnie...
 ...if anyone can pull me back from the precipice, it's you. I know you can.
 No objections here.
 If anyone can pull me back from the precipice, it's you. I know you can.
 Oh, don't mind me luv. Is something wrong?
 Well, so Damon murders Tyler Lockwood in cold blood and you're fine with it. I don't mean to eavesdrop on your call, but that seems like a decidedly not fine situation, at least to me. But that grief that you're trying damn hard to hide is giving you this beautiful glow. Set me free, Bonnie. Set us both free. I'll take you on a proper date. Anywhere you'd like. Paris... You can fix everything that is broken inside of me. You can fix us.
 Ah... Bonnie Bennett, you are my saving grace.
 You spelled the cabin? You've been keeping a secret from me. Are you a witch again?
 Well, aren't you fancy?
 Why are you suddenly taking this stand?
 Dead friend problems? My heart bleeds for you. All this trauma. The burden of always having to protect everyone. Why don't just take me off your plate, hmm?
 Can't we both agree that my humanity was a hindrance? I was angry, Depressed. A tragic poet full of darkness! Where is the fun in reverting back to an inferior version of myself?
 Mmm. Well, you know, even if I did turn it on, it's too late for you. You missed Tyler's funeral. Abandoning your friends in their time of need. That, my dear, is COLD.
 I'll still be here! Thanks to you.
 Happy New Year's, luv. Come on, dance with me. Hmm? Like we used to. Oh, I remember now, all the lights, the music, mmm.
 You didn't buy it? Not just a little?
 Yeah, sorry. Can't help it. Romance... the slow burn of it all. Oh, it was so unbelievably saccharine. And for what? I kept you safe for three years and then you tried to kill me. It looks like you might be trying that again?
 Okay, well, I'm a complicated person. In my 140 years on this Earth, no one's figured me out.
 Oh. You think I'm afraid of fire because Damon left me in a fire. Nice try. But no.
 Yeah, well... This is a bit extreme, don't you think?
 Congratulations, you nailed it. Fear of abandonment, a textbook case. Now can we end this?
 I really hope you leave at some point. I mean, this cabin's gonna run out of food. I really question UberEat's ability to locate this address.
 I know. I get it.
 Smoke doesn't feel good in the lungs, does it?
 And I still don't care. Now you're just being stupid.
 Any other last words?
 You're as good as dead.
 Bonnie. Bonnie, wake up.
 Of course I did. Someone had to save you. (coughing)
 Bonnie. My time. You loved me more than anyone. That's enough.
 Bonnie! I'm sorry. Sorry.
 I'm so sorry.
 I almost killed you.
 He fought the darkness inside himself and won. I respected the hell out of him.
 Bonnie, wake up.
 I'm beginning to get the picture. Three months of pushing you back into the darkest corners of my brain. Cheerleader fantasies aside, you're much better in person.
 I'm famished. Surely there's a granola bar tucked away in this shrine to your adolescence.
 You're sure Stefan put him down?
 Damon?
 It was Sybil. She sang. She she-she's wormed her way back into my head. God, the pain is moving, and it feels like I'm being cut open.
 No.
 Funny. Because consciously and subconsciously, I want to rip her bloody head off!
 Congrats, mate. You're about to have a tour of some very dark places.
 Why are you doing this?
 I won't go back to being your lackey.
 Where are the children? Tell me, and you can do whatever you want with me, I don't care.
 No, mate. You can't trust her.
 I'm not sure which one of you to kiss first.
 I'm fine, luv. Really.
 That's what I do. It's what I'll always do.
 I was an orphan. Abused. Abandoned. Spent the better part of my life tortured by a man who stripped me of my identity. A century like that, you harden your heart and your mind till you're made of stone.
 Thanks to you. All those years, I kept a secret from the world. A shred of faith. See, I never believed that life... the universe, a higher power, whatever you want to call it, nothing... would allow me to suffer so much and then die... without knowing true love. It'd just be too cruel. And when I met you... my faith was rewarded.
 Bonnie Bennett... to me, you're the whole damn world.
 I'm taking you to Paris, silly witch!
 Say the word and we're off.
 Well, what about the tuning fork?
 Yeah, well, let's steal it back.
 It disrupts her psychic power and it hurts like hell. She won't be carrying it around with her. It's probably stashed where she's staying.
 Four houses had pools. Only one had lights on. Call it intuition. Do the honors? (Bonnie opens the door and enters. Enzo attempts to stop but is stopped by the Threshold Spell)
 All right.
 If that's your Christmas list, then you better get cracking.
 Where'd you pick that up, exactly?
 What made you spare him?
 We'll relay the message. Can't promise results.
 Are you all right, love?
 I heard it. It just sounded like what it is... a tuning fork.
 Please tell me those siren wretches aren't also witches. They sully the name.
 Hmm.
 All the more reason to get the hell out of Dodge.
 Bonnie Bennett. You are the gift I've always wanted.
 Easy, love. Told you to wait for back-up. (They embrace in a kiss.)
 All the more reason to proceed with caution. Leave the fisticuffs to the immortals.
 No, it's like I said, that is merely a token of my eternal love for you.
 Mm-hmm
 But?
 For the sake of argument, if Elena Gilbert weren't tied to your mortality...
 Well, you said even if you wanted to. So, would you? Want to? Purely theoretical, of course.
 Well, you were a witch. You were raised a certain way.
 What changed?
 No loss, no grief, no end.
 I think it's time we wrapped up this shindig.
 That's the last of the bystanders.
 No, Bonnie, don't. It's too dangerous.
 Caroline can better protect you if she's not worried about you in the crossfire.
 Because it's dangerous in there, and I can't protect you. Because you gave me the damn necklace back, which was only ever meant to save you when I can't. You could die in there. Look, if something happened to you... if, if I had to survive you, knowing that if I'd just spoken up... I can't bear the thought. And I do listen to you. But I also listen to the world around you, and I'm not afraid to speak up if I fear for your life.
 I fell in love with a human who makes me feel alive.
 This time it really is just a symbol.
 Not an option. Elena-gistics. I understand. Really. I'm still the luckiest man on Earth.
 No. You're right. 70 years with the right person can be forever. It's just the "after" part I'm worried about. I spent an eternity waiting for you to walk into my life. What will I ever do without you?
 How do you mean?
 What will I ever do without you?
 Sorry, love. Peter Maxwell's truck is in dire need of shock absorbers. You all right, love?
 Yeah, those tie-down straps must have come loose. We'll stop up ahead and fix them and we'll be rid of that noisy bell and this borrowed car in no time. Where is this secret hiding place of yours anyway?
 Okay.
 What?
 Paris is on there, I presume?
 High aspirations, indeed.
 You know, I never thought to make one. Being immortal and all. FOMO really isn't in the vampire vocabulary.
 Yeah, I suppose I could think of a few.
 While I'm still immortal, you mean?
 Well, except we're on a mission.
 That was unbelievable! I should've done this long ago.
 Eh, doesn't take much. Fast car, beautiful girl. I'm a cliché.
 What, there's more?
 Um... Skydiving has some appeal.
 Hey. What's really on your mind?
 Not if I take the cure. When. Do you not know me at all, Bonnie Bennett? If I say I'll do a thing, I'll do it. 
 Well, all things considered, I think we made good time.
 Oh. Damn it. Oh.
 Too bad. Missing out on some epic zero gravity flight photos. So I don't remember my list including 'start a B&B in upstate New York'.
 Brilliant. Uh, what made you buy a house in the middle of nowhere? Oh, is it a romantic getaway for us? Hell of a gesture. Puts my blood necklace to shame.
 Should I be worried?
 How about you prove it by giving me a tour of every single room?
 Wait. There's something I've been imagining. 
 It was perfect. Though the fact that there are endless ways humans will tempt death for their own amusement - never ceases to amaze me.
 Yeah, of course it is. Do you not believe me?
 Nothing I could do as a vampire would be better than being with you as a human.
 I'm aware of that. But fate has led us here, and there's nothing left to stop us. Not a doubt remains in my mind. In fact, why not just get on with it?
 I mean that as soon as we put that bloody bell into a suitable indoor hiding place, let's you and me grab an empty syringe, and head straight for Elena's warehouse in Brooklyn.
 So, Elena's here? She's the reason you bought this house.
 Heard your chat with Damon.
 Come here, luv.
 Do you want to keep the cure?
 Your selflessness is part of what makes you you. And I will be by your side no matter what happens.
 Bonnie... I'll still be in love with you even if I stay a vampire. We can still have our future. We can live right here in this house. We can cook dinner every night in the kitchen. Dance by the fire. I'll play the guitar. And I'll watch you grow old and gray.
 And you'll be as beautiful then... as you are now. I don't need the cure to be happy. I only need you. 
 Now, let's go try and save the world.
 It's no use, luv. Look, we need to get the cure and go. Can you manage?
 You all right in there?
 Nonsense. I'm sure you're brilliant at it.
 
 Bonnie. 
 Bit harsh, love.
 Oh, when you're in this state it seems to be quite easy.
 Are you happy?
 Then why not forgive Stefan?
 Stefan did horrible things, sure. He was a servant of the Devil. But I served Cade too. I took so many lives. Even before that, death followed me around wherever I went. When my humanity was off I was willing to let you die.
 You continue to love me and hold me here so I know you have the capacity to forgive.
 Oh, of course. But take it from me, if you hold on to hating him it will eat at you.
 Bonnie, Bonnie. Hey, hey. You ok?
 Woah, woah, what happened?
 Where're you going?
 I think they're siphoning directly from you.
 Of course you do, luv.
 Well, I'm not.
 Sorry, luv, but it's not your time.
 Now you're finally ready to live?
 Keep fighting, love.
 Nonsense, you are strong enough to do anything you put your mind to. And love, you're not alone.
 Passport. Passport, nightstand.
