 We're supposed to believe that can track one of them?
 I've been thinking about this church idea. I believe it could work.
 We'll be done in a few minutes, son.
 Not yet.
 I'll tell them. You can count on both my boys.
 As descendants of the Founding Families, they'll want to know that they can count on you.
 I'm not sure your brother Damon understands the importance of duty.
 You'll forgive me if I have trouble respecting a deserter.
 Good for you, Damon. Because all I have is disappointment.
 There's been too many deaths. It is time for us to fight back and stop these killers.
 We live amongst demons.
 Vampires. They exist. And they live amongst us. But we have a plan to kill them. And you're going to help us.
 
 Stefan. To what do I owe this pleasure?
 These are the dull musings of my troubled mind.
 Still. I will carry the real secrets with me-
 And a full grave it will be.
 Now, speaking of troubled minds, what's on yours?
 And why is that?
 Do you have any evidence to the contrary? Do you know of any vampires?
 Stefan...These creatures are of the darkest parts of Hell. They have the ability to control your mind, seduce your spirit. They are deadly. They must be destroyed. 
 Go get the sheriff. Tell him we have a vampire.
 Do as I say, son! Nothing that you feel for her is real. She's a vampire, Stefan! A monster! I fed you vervain hoping that it would expose her.
 Your sympathy for their plight. I didn't raise my sons to be so weak. 
 Do you know what they'll do to you if you're branded a sympathizer? You'll be killed along with them!
 May I offer you a drink, Mr. Gilbert?
 This won't take much longer.
 Be sure you document the loss of civilian life in the church.
 As far as anyone needs to know, they were. As the record keeper for the Council, what you write will be passed down through generations. Certain details should be kept only between you and me.
 My sons. They will be remembered as the innocent victims of the Battle of Willow Creek, not for their shame.
 Dear God!
 You're one of them now.
 I watched you die.
 I pulled the trigger myself.
 You were both dead to me the moment you sided with the vampires. I only thank God that your mother isn't alive to see the disgrace you've become.
 Yes, you are.
 Uhh!
 Get away from me.
 Ohh. Ohh.
 If I could take just a moment to say how thankful I am to the good Lord for giving me a beautiful wife, two fine boys, a table filled with fine food 
  And a stomach big enough to fit it all in!
 Son, eat your dinner, please.
 It was not an invitation, Damon.
 Eat.
 That animal was put on this earth to be sustenance, not your friend! Now, you will clean your plate, or you will spend the night in the root cellar, wishing you had.
 
 Lily, a bourbon, please?
 I took this out for a special occasion today. But, in the process, I discovered quite a bit of money missing from my bureau.
 You would not know anything about that?
 Stefan, have you been rummaging around your father's bureau?
 Well, it did not just grow legs and walk off, now, did it?
 Which one of you did it? Confess here and now, like a man. Who took the money?
 To think of all the hard work your mother has put into grooming you to be proper young men of society. Do you really want to put her through the heartache of thinking she is a complete and utter failure?
 Then what would a man do?
 And the truth is...?
 I didn't raise you to be a thief. But, I also didn't raise you to be a liar, and you have told the truth here today. Have you learned your lesson?
 This is to make certain you remember it.
 Looking for these?
 Train tickets. Three of them.
 Planning a trip, are we?
 You took that money, and I punished Damon for your duplicity, and you tried to steal my children from me. Should you ever attempt that again, I will take the boys far away from here. You will be alone, and you will never see them again. Do you understand me?
 I hate to see you in such pain.
 I was drunk and not myself. But the thought of losing you and my sons, it brought out a rage in me. I can't be faulted for trying to keep my family together.
 Will you forgive me?
