 
 
 I love you.
 I love you.
 Just a few more minutes.
 But I like working at night.
 I was doing research, and I dug up all this stuff about this small town in Virginia near where I grew up. It's isolated, out of the way, and quiet. And every now and then, people die mysteriously, and they say that it's animal attacks. Except, these bodies are drained of blood.
 It's vampires. It has to be.
 No.
 No.
 This is not a joke, Ric. You think that this is cute, but I'm gonna prove it.
 And Mulder was right in the end.
 Well, this is important to me, Ric.
 Maybe I don't want to. Maybe I want more.
 Just open it.
 I know. It's ridiculous. Just tell people it's a family heirloom. Nobody questions that.
 If I told you, you'd laugh at me. But promise me that you'll always wear it. It'll protect you from all the things that go bump in the night.
 Consider it a  a token of my love, my affection, and if nothing else, an apology for being so crazy.
 I'm selfish, and I'm obsessed, and I'm a horrible wife. But you love me anyway.
 Was there a problem? Did you find her? What's going on?
 Hello, Ric.
 It's good to see you. You look good. I hear that you're a high school history teacher? How is that?
 I don't have any reasons that are gonna comfort you. I don't have any explanations that are gonna satisfy you. I wanted this.
 Yeah. You were supposed to mourn me, and move on.
 Because I wasn't lost, Rick.
 I understand that you know my daughter Elena and I hear that she's been looking for me. So...
 I want you to arrange for a meeting with us.
 I told you.
 You better tell Elena that I want to meet or I'm gonna start killing the citizens of this town one by one and I'm gonna start with your history students. Got it?
 You're late.
 Cherie is a little jazz singer that I picked up in a blues bar in Brooklyn. And I got the cowboy at a gay rodeo in Amarillo.
 Not right now, he's very good to me. Hey Cherie? Cassez vous!
 I'm teaching them French. Oh! I can smell the judgment coming off of you.
 If we're gonna be partners you really have to stop being such a hater.
 My lifestyle? So, I assume that you still don't have the invention.
 Uh, you threatened to expose Damon Salvatore, that didn't work. You killed that Pearl lady, still no invention. I really don't think that your plan is working, John.
 You failed, John. I'm gonna take it from here.
 Hello Elena. You look just like her, that's eerie.
 She found me after I turned. Genetic curiosity, I suppose. She would be fascinated by you.
 Katherine helped me obtain it.
 Not important. He was a teenage waste of space.
 It would, wouldn't it? You ask a lot of questions.
 Dramatic impact. I wish it would have been more effective.
 Means nothing to me. It's just part of being what I am.
 Your new boyfriend over there by the pool table? Stefan Salvatore. Why Stefan? Why didn't you go for Damon? Or are you enjoying them both like Katherine did?
 Because I'm curious about you. But the real reason is  I want what your uncle wants. Johnathan Gilbert's invention.
 I used to spend a lot of time here when I was younger. John had a crush on me for years. He was the first one that told me about vampires.
 It's a very long list of reasons, Elena. All of which I'm sure you've thought about.
 That was your first lie. It's inevitable, you're going to get old, Stefan won't. (Elena looks at Stefan. He seems sad). Forever doesn't last very long when you're human.
 Sit down and tell your boyfriend to walk away. I want the invention.
 I know that but Damon does and you're going get it for me.
 Then the blood will be on your hands.
 It was nice meeting you Elena.
 And it's just one blast from the past after another. No, no, no.
 Dégage, Cherie.
 How did you find me?
 Oh I should have known. You're the one who taught me that. What are you really doing here?
 I'm so sorry. Did you bring the device? (He disengages at vamp-speed.)
 We dated a few times when we were young. He was a little bit in love with me.
 Oh, me personally? I don't want anything with it. I'm just doing what I'm told. You know Damon we're on the same side.
 Katherine's. She wants John Gilbert to have the device and I think that you know that she's not happy when she doesn't get what she wants.
 Don't kill the messenger. We both know that you can't control Katherine. She does what she wants.
 Oh really Damon? You do? What should we do now? (they laugh.)
 I'm your mother, Elena. I want to be more involved in your life.
 I understand that. You already have a lot of people that you care about but I've been studying. Let's see if I got this right.
 There is the witchy best friend, Bonnie. Gonna stay away from that one.
 Oh...sad little brother Jeremy.
 And there's Caroline...obnoxious Caroline. I got all of my info from her by the way. She had no idea who I was and she wouldn't stop yapping. Oh...
 And there's Matt, friend, ex, yappy's future ex. Lots of connections there.
 He's involved with you, isn't he?
 No, I have some friends here too. Look, you see that man over here, standing next to Matt by the Float? His name is Frank, he's very handsome and he's also quite handy and he'd noticed that the axles are a little rusty which is very dangerous. So, all you have to do is apply a little bit of pressure and...
 I'm showing you how easy it is to hurt the people that you care about.
 Hand it over and all will be stop.
 I think that you underestimate how much Damon cares about you.
 Is that before or after I kill your brother Jeremy?
 It won't be long now.
 I don't have it yet.
 Because I have the next best thing.
 Getting what I want.
 That gaudy ring on your finger comes off.
 I'll kill him to prove you wrong.
 Nice try. We'll see how you do without this.
 Where is the device?
 This isn't a negotiation. Where is the invention?
 Do you really think that I came alone?
 For god sakes, call home.
 Call home and ask to speak to your brother Jeremy.
 No, I was going to kill him. Don't look for any redeeming qualities in me. I don't have any.
 Because he's in love with you.
 For what?
 Goodbye, Elena. As long as you have a Salvatore on each arm, you're doomed. Katherine was smart. She got out. But we all know that you're not Katherine.
 I totally get it, you, here as a history teacher. It's good.
 I'm leaving. I just thought I said goodbye.
 You hate me. Good.
 What did you expect? You spent all this time trying to track me down. What did you think you would find?
 I was a different person back then.
 What are you doing?
 I wanted this-I needed this-and I'm going to regret it forever. This was my mistake, not yours.
 You're not going to remember this. I loved you, I did and when I think about what I gave up it hurts. But now your heart is free of me, it's easier this way. Goodbye Ric.
 On your doorstep you'll find what you've been looking for.
 Don't screw this up. You know what you have to do, John.
 You better not. Katherine wants all of those tomb vampires dead, and I want to add two more to that list.
 Stefan and Damon. I don't want this life for her.
 She's our daughter, John. We owe that to her.
 Hi. You must be Jenna.
 I'm...Elena's mother.
 Hello, Elena. It's nice to see you again.
 So you're the woman who's dating my husband. I need to speak to Elena. May I come in?
 I need to talk to you, Elena.
 I asked John for a do-over.
 Since I was last here, I've been doing everything possible to find Klaus. We knew our best chance was to find him before he could find you.
 No. Nobody knows where he is but there are these rumors that are flying around. That a doppelgänger exists.
 I have a safe house that I can take you to. The deed is in your name. No vampires can get in without your permission, not even me. Let me help you.
 Merci, mon Cherie.
 Nicest foreclosure in town.
 Come here.
 It's good to see you, Katherine.
 Yes, I have. I've been busy making a deal with Klaus to save your life.
 Here. A vintner I knew in Avignon.
 John told me Rick was dating auntie vanilla. I got jealous.
 He thinks I'm helping him protect Elena, so he's been very useful in keeping me informed on everything that's been going on.
 You were right. I couldn't get anywhere near Klaus, but I found my way to someone in his trusted circle. One of his witches.
 He said that Klaus is willing to grant you your freedom if we deliver the moonstone and the doppelgänger.
 You know Katherine, you'd be betraying your Salvatore boys again.
 Hi, Ric.
 Just cleaning up some loose ends.
 You may not. I do. I need to apologize to you.
 No, not for what I've done in the past. We're beyond that. Although I am sorry for outing you to your girlfriend. That was petty of me.
 Of course not, because I compelled you to let me go. I realize that I don't wanna do what I have to do without you knowing how much I loved you and I did. I loved you so much. He's all yours.
 I'm creating a distraction.
 Are we good to go?
 We'll be long gone before that.
 I'm sorry, Katherine.
 I had to do what I was told. He wanted the moonstone and he wanted you.
 Just because you can't be compelled doesn't mean I can't force you to come with me.
 If I was, I couldn't tell you.
 My parents, your grandparents, they put it here when it became clear that the police weren't gonna find my body. They visit every week, and they bring flowers, even though there's no one buried here. The Isobel they knew is dead. So maybe there's a part of me that's buried here, the-the human part, the part that I abandoned when I-when I choose to become a vampire, the part that used to dream about the day that she'd know her daughter.
 And instead you got to meet the other part...The part that would betray her own flesh and blood.
 Yes.
 Let her go?
 I'm done?
 I'm so sorry, Elena. I was such a disappointment to you.
