 Hey, man. Last call was 4 hours ago. If you want some coffee, I could put some on, or...
 Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahh!
 Can I get you something?
 Some sicko attacked me, bit me, told me to run, so I did, and when I looked back, he was on fire.
 Some woman shoved him into a truck, drove away.
 No. She was driving Cam Peterson's truck. He lives about ten miles down that dirt road out back. Here. Look like you could use one of these.
 Pop quiz.. Mr. Weatherly complains of chest pain and shortness of breath. Can anyone tell me what tests we run?
 Gilbert...
 Good. Somebody's read ahead. Remember that. You'll need that in 3 years.
 Here's the bedpan you need to know about today...
 Moving on..
 Thank god. Someone over 20. The rest of the chaperones are huddled around the burger bar.
 I don't eat red meat. I look at blood all day. Because I work at the medical center. Not because I'm a serial killer or anything. I'm Jo.
 I didn't know that was an actual thing.
 Not that it's not a thing. May I?
 A germaphobe. So, you're like the vegetarian of cool people.
 Alaric
 Who do we have here?
 Underage?
 Yeah, I can see that.
 Physical, blood, toxicology...
 Down the hall to the right.
 Do I want to know?
 Well, if that entails supervising drunk morons, then you and I have a lot more in common than I thought!
 Quite a boozer, that kid. Put him on a saline drip. He's lucky I didn't pump his stomach.
 Did you bring him in here to put a band-aid on it and make some more excuses?
 Well, a kick in the ass might help. Jeremy too. Look, if he's anything like his sister, I'm sure he'll be fine. It's nothing I don't treat every single night on campus, or didn't do myself when I was a student.
 What about you? Former party animal?
 Right. Head in a Wiccan Bible?
 Okay, one more piece of professional advice  when a successful, sexy, only moderately insecure doctor is flirting with you? Give her your undivided attention.
 Ahh, NOT COOL!
 Oh, Professor Bourbon. Perfect timing.
 Everything I see there is natural. Gross, but natural. Zombies, ghosts, the undead... not cool.
 Oh, let me guess, she told you to get out of the classroom, live a little? Yeah...
 Now why don't you be a gentleman and get me the hell out of here because we are way too old for this party, and I need a drink, stat.
 I thought you were a germaphobe.
 You're bleeding.
 No, you're not. Let me see.
 Wait, how the hell ?
 Oh. Ok. That's gonna make things more difficult.
 No. That's not an option. You look pale. Does blood make you squeamish?
 Don't worry. You'll get used to it. Call 9-1-1, follow me.
 Good.
 Get over here, I need your hands. Put your fingers right there, that should stop the bleeding 
  while I get a look at the rest of him.
 You doing okay?
 Just keep your finger on that femoral artery.
 His pulse is still dropping.
 Enlisted in the army right out of med school. Family stuff. Just had to get away.
 Call me Jo. Put him on speaker.
 Tyler can you hear me?
 Need you to answer my questions as accurately as you can, is there blood?
 Is it still flowing, is he bleeding now?
 Is there any coming out of his nose, or his mouth?
 What color is it? Is it red, or is it black?
 Take his hand.
 Just try and keep him comfortable... Won't be long now.
 You really want to know? Because I'm hopped up on pain meds and just obnoxious enough to tell you.
 I think you're great. You're brave, funny, not to mention maybe the most attractive man I've ever seen, and I feel completely comfortable telling you this because I'm old enough to know what I want. And call me crazy, but I think I was meant to know you.
 This is the part where you say something, or kiss me, or run for the hills.
 You're right, tonight was a literal disaster, and you're definitely an alcoholic...
 But you're far from boring, Ric.
 Elena.
 I didn't think you were here today.
 Okay. Follow me.
 No idea. While you're here, can I get your opinion on something?
 Female patient  blunt force trauma to the head, massive internal hemorrhaging, multiple bone fractures. She was a victim at the corn maze.
 Probably Freshman Lit.
 Neither do I. See, the patient was never admitted, even with such extensive injuries. Liam said you treated her at the scene. That's a pretty good save for someone with half a semester of pre-med.
 Don't. I know what Alaric is. I know what you are. If any more blood bags go missing, I know who to come to.
 Besides not believing that you closed a penetrating abdominal trauma without so much as a first aid kit? Pretty sure you weren't looking for stevia in my coffee. With Alaric, I wasn't 100% sure until he tried to compel me. But then, I remembered I have really crappy luck my in my love life, so of course my hot new teacher crush would be a vampire.
 Busy. (She walks past Elena)If you want to stick around, there's food trays on the third floor that need clearing.
 You saved that girl instead of feeding on her. That's good enough for me.
 How about I make you a deal? You don't ask questions about me, and I wont ask questions about you.
 Oh, and you can tell Alaric if he wants to avoid a complicated relationship, he doesn't have to hide behind compulsion to do it.
 I had an interesting conversation with Elena.
 What's the rush? Occult studies emergency?
 Why don't you just compel me out of the way? Look, don't you think it's about time we level with each other?
 it's okay, I'm here. I followed you like a crazy stalker. Not one of my finer moments.
 You'll die if I move you. I have to stop the bleeding. You nicked your descending aorta.
 And, you didn't have hemostatic gauze.
 You still with me? While I'm sealing this wound  Alaric!
 Stay with me! Come on! Ah!
 Don't move.
 There's no reason you shouldn't be! I sealed the wound. We just have to get you to the hospital.
 This hospital sucks! I can't believe anyone even makes it out of here alive.
 I'm having you transferred to Whitmore ASAP.
 Just doing my job.
 Good morning.
 Well, just a heads-up, but saving Alaric's life was a matter of a treatable death wound, perfect timing, and fear of losing the most interesting guy I've dated in a while adrenaline. One-hundred-percent unrepeatable, which is why you will tell no one.
 Do you have a nice suit and a clean pair of socks?
 Good. I'm releasing you. Hospital fundraiser's tonight. I'm making the interns go, so I need a date. I'll start your paperwork.
 I won an award for a battlefield medical clamp I patented. Whitmore likes to trot me out when they want to raise money.
 I don't practice, so no witchy advantage, just a lot of hard work. Who invited him?
 That would be Liam Davis, valedictorian, straight A's freshman year taking junior-level classes, not to mention medical royalty. Not so bad on the eyes either. Looks like he's Elena's date.
 So that seems to be going well.
 You shouldn't mix painkillers and booze. Whatever you did for Elena, that's her choice. Remember that. No pun intended.
 To being powerless and mundane.
 Well, technically, I relinquished my magic and put it away for safekeeping.
 Let's just say I chose to remove myself from a tragically dysfunctional family, and I haven't regretted a moment of it.
 I need to get out of this dress and order a pizza.
 This? Yeah I had an accident when I was younger. I lost my spleen.
 Actually it was less an accident and more like my brother tried to gut me with a hunting knife. Like I said, tragically dysfunctional family. I just killed the mood, didn't I?
 Hey. Everything's gonna be OK, all right? Everybody's just playing a game. You guys want to play a game? You want to play hide-and-seek? Shh. OK.
 Hi.
 Don't kill the messenger. Something about an impromptu guys' weekend.
 I'll take that. Hi. I'm Jo. You look... have we met before?
 Nice to meet you, too.
 You, too, Liam.
 Risk my career switching Lady Whitmore's medical chart? I'm glad it worked.
 What are you watching?
 That is my voice. I took that video 18 years ago at a birthday party for the twins.
 Lukas and Olivia?
 I'm their sister.
 We had a family friend here... Sheila Bennett.
 She took me under her wing. She also helped my family put Kai away.
 As in our brother, my twin.
 Kai killed 4 of our bothers and sisters to make a point, but he was really targeting Lukas and Olivia.
 Because in our coven, twins are in line to be leaders.
 Kai wanted to be the leader, but that wasn't possible if Lukas and Olivia were alive.
 So I protected them with magic.
 Which just pissed him off more.
 My brother was born without his own magic. He can only draw it from others. It made him feel like a freak. My parents saw him acting out, isolating himself, and they realized that he'd never be capable of leading our coven, so they kept having children until another set of twins were born.
 Kai figured it out, and he snapped.
 Run!
 In our coven's tradition, after their 22nd birthday, the twins merge their strength. The stronger one wins, absorbing their twin's power, and the weaker of the two...
 Well, that's improbable considering he lives in Portland.
 Ric, you need to tell me what's going on right now.
 Ric, listen to me. If my dad knows that you want to open Kai's world, he'll think you're going to free him. He's going to retaliate.
 And I hate to break it to you, Ric, but you traveled 3,000 miles for nothing. The Ascendant's with me.
 Something's wrong.
 I think my dad...
 My dad's trying to kill me.
 You can come in!
 They need magic!
 Crap.
 Shut up, Liam. Ask them if they see an old tree stump in the front yard?
 Go there now!
 I'm OK.
 Stop! I'll do it. I'll merge with you. Just don't hurt anyone else.
 The power of the eclipse will merge us as one. You know what to say?
 Knock knock.
 Oh. It's one of those nights.
 I'm sorry. I've had a day from hell, and I didn't mean it. I did actually, but I'm gonna call take backs, ok?
 Ooh, you got Thai food.
 Well, this is perfect. I'm starving.
 Aww. Where's yours?
 You went to see him, and he tried to kill me. How's that a blessing?
 It wasn't creepy back then. Once your brother brutally murders your siblings, creep sets in.
 I didn't run. They let me go. We made a deal. Betray your brother and get your freedom.
 They didn't know I had it. By the time they found out, I was gone.
 It makes me feel safe, like I'm in control. As long as I have it, then no one can use it to get Kai out. Kai can't get me. Embarrassing, but I actually used sleep with it under my pillow.
 Yes, used to. I am a grownup now obviously, and I keep it in my underwear drawer, next to my pot.
 No. I'm always hungry because I'm a vegetarian.
 Good. No more distractions.
 Where is it?
 Good. Deflect, make a joke. That'll fix this.
 The Ascendant. Where is it?
 You must think I'm an idiot. To be fair, I am one. Wine, Thai food, that's all it takes.
 Did you tell Damon where it is?
 You and I are the only ones who knew where it was. It's gone!
 You're right. You'd never tell anyone. It doesn't mean you didn't.
 Damon is a vampire.
 Ok. Let's prove it. We're going to Mystic Falls. If you're compelled, it will go away when we walk across the border. If nothing happens, then you're right. He's your friend.
 How much are you gonna want to kill me if I need to rain check tonight?
 I have a possible 480 hit-and-run on campus, one DOA, 4 reds en route.
 I'm gonna miss dinner. So you're my boyfriend now? 
 Give me two hours. Save me dinner.
 Put her in T3. I need 10 milligrams of morphine. Mine's conscious.
 No, it's not. What happened to you? Were you hit by a car?
 It's ok. You can tell me what really happened. Sweetheart? Look at me.
 What happened to you?
 Hey. What did you do to me?
 What the hell did you do to me?
 What did you guys do?
 It's not gonna work Kai. I don't have my...
 Stop. I put my magic in there by choice. Taking it back is also my choice unless I bleed to death, which will happen in the next 30 minutes. Heh. Wouldn't it be ironic if you accidentally killed me before the merge ceremony?
 Hey. It will be ok. Just needed to get rid of Kai so you could free me.
 Is that what you think, that I've been shirking my responsibility to our family?
 If Kai merges with me, he'll be more powerful than any of us.
 Someone's done her research.
 Liv!
 Kai, stop!
 Kai, enough!
 Lectos espiritox.
 Fractos.
 Alaric, don't!
 No, you can't. If Kai dies, Liv and Luke have to do the merge. It's not fair to them.
 Ric, don't. I can win. I can beat Kai. I just need a little time to get stronger.
 I'll figure out a way to win. Please you have to trust me. Keep him alive.
 Merge our twin powers during the next celestial event?
 For the record, I've dated doctors and lawyers and a couple of artist types, but none of my previous boyfriends would have ever understood that.
 Be careful.
 Sorry! Are you okay?
 Fire spell. Sort of. It turns out, getting back in touch with your magic isn't anything like riding a bike. (laughs)
 I am sorry about that vase, though. Was that expensive?
 Oh, thank God. Breakfast. Please tell me that you brought mimosas.
 Today, we make smores. In a month, I win the merge and become leader of my coven, guaranteeing it's survival. Liv has me on a 30-day regimen between now and the next celestial event.
 That doesn't count. I was distracted.
 I can do it.
 Cloaking is one of the first things they teach you as a Gemini. I learned it when I was a kid.
 I'll have to stay beside Damon while I do it, which means I'll have to go inside.
 No one is killing Kai.
 What's he saying?
 I get why you don't like me, you know? You and Alaric were bros. A girl comes into the picture...It's awkward.
 Because he's looking out for me?
 Oh, let me guess  you've never done that for a girl before?
 What do you know? It's working.
 Come on, we need to get out of here.
 I hate to cut this reunion short, but meter's running on this spell.
 I'm good (wipes the blood from her nose away)
 Yeah. Three people is just a lot more to cloak than two.
 I'm so sorry.
 I'm okay. (Alaric pulls her into a hug)
 Sure you're okay having a Pentobarbital-ed houseguest?
 I can help you clean that if you want. One part Amonia, two parts meat tenderizer.
 I'm not afraid of a little blood. (Elena shrugs, smiles and follows Jo out of the room)
 I adjusted Mrs. Murphy's dose of Fentanyl. Keep an eye on her, thanks.
 Phesmatos tribum, plantus vivifae, plantus herebus. (nothing happens)
 Time of death, anybody's guess. (drops the plant in the trash)
 I had Duke over Colin's medical records. This head scan is from earlier this week. This one was taken right here, ten minutes ago. See all that red?
 So now, I have a stage 10 cancer patient. Which, by the way, doesn't exist. Who is beyond terminally ill and a vampire, meaning all of his emotions are heightened and he can't die.
 Medically speaking, this is our best option. If vampire blood is the issue, then a full transfusion of human blood might stabalize her condition.
 Look, we are in uncharted territory here. This isn't just a medical problem, Damon, it's a magical one.
 Now you believe in my magic? Gee, thanks. Unfortunately, this goes beyond any witch ability I've ever heard of. But please, if you have a better plan, I'm all ears.
 What the hell is going on? What is he doing here?
 Elena?
 Have you actually lost your mind?
 If you think Kai is doing this out of the goodness of his heart, I can assure you  he doesn't have one. What's the price?
 I can't merge tonight. I'm not ready.
 Damon, what the hell did you do?
 I've spent my entire life running from you. I'm not running anymore.
 Let's just get this over with.
 You're a parasite. You killed the people I loved, you shoved a hunting knife in my gut. You destroyed my life. Now I'm gonna destroy yours.
 Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.
 Luke, no!
 Luke, no!
 Luke! Stop!
 No! Luke, come on. Luke, Luke wake up.
 Luke. Luke, wake up. Luke.
 Luke showed up and he merged with Kai.
 He's not supposed to be here. The only reason he's here is because you let Kai out! Luke. Luke, wake up. Wake up, Luke.
 It wouldn't help. It's up to them now. Whoever wakes up is the winner. And whoever doesn't...Can you hear me? Can you hear me?
 Luke? Wake up, Luke. Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God. Luke. He's gone. He saved me and he's gone.
 Stay away from me. This is gross. We haven't been dating long enough for you to see gross.
 I'm dying. Stupid Thai food. Never again. (Throws up)
 We're going.
 What are you doing here?
 Because I have food poisoning. Did the sound of me vomiting on the other end of line not clue you in?
 Oh, God! Ric!
 Any joint pain?
 Headaches?
 Are you pregnant?
 Okay. Your vitals are fine, your temperature is normal. I'll wait on pathology, but there is nothing medically wrong with you.
 Oh!
 Yeah because you juice-boxed my magic.
 What?
 I really don't have a choice.
 What do you think I should do?
 Pretty sure?
 Let's do this.
 Shut up. Oribos turai manecsitus. Orbiem. Oribos turai-
 Oribos turai manecsitus. Orbiem
 It's done.
 The reason I was sick, it wasn't food poisoning.
 He said that I'm pregnant. I don't know what to say. I don't hmm  I don't know what to do with that.
 What?! No, no. That's a pity proposal. You can't throw a pity proposal at a pregnant ex-witch. I don't even know if I want kids, let alone get married. Oh, my God. What are you doing?
 Ric.
 I can't believe this. Are you sure?
 Yes. Yes. Yes. (Alaric and Jo smile and hug.)
 Whoa, easy.
 You're at Whitmore Medical Center. I'm Dr. Laughlin.
 You had a little too much to drink. A professor found you passed out on the quad.
 Actually, I need you to sit tight. We need to look after you for a while. You lost a lot of fluids last night. Okay?
 For the record, I am not okay with turning my hospital into a supernatural holding cell.
 I'm starting to think eloping is the way to go.
 Huh, Duke. That's not bad. It's a little obnoxious, but kind of in a cute way, you know? Little Duke.
 You haven't been?
 Name one.
 I have rounds.
 Actually, I thought about it, and anyone named Alaric should not be allowed to name another human.
 True. Okay. You can have veto power.
 Haha.
 Oh, boy. This is bad.
 You could died today!
 Eighteen years. That's how long I need you to be alive. Help me raise this baby. Then we can send him or her into the world, and you can run around with guns, and vampires, and be an idiot. Okay?
 
 
 
 I'm on hour thirteen of a twelve hour shift. Maybe someone could have shot me a text?
 So, Kai's gone?
 That's amazing news! That's really amazing news.
 The last thing this baby needs is an Uncle Psychopath.
 Judging by the victims, they started at the library, they took out a couple security guards near the football field, and then they wandered over to the movie theater.
 Doctor 101. Becoming desensitized goes with the territory.
 
 Have you told Damon about this?
 I saw how you reacted when you found out I was pregnant.
 
 Alaric, who used to be a vampire, now is a human having a kid. Have you discussed this with your boyfriend?
 Okay.
 
 
 
 Lily turned them, resulting in creatures that are both witch and vampire.
 These are witches that have magic only when they siphon power from another source.
 As vampires...
 They were on their way to destroy the Gemini, but the coven got to them first. Put them in exile.
 Heretics are ruthless  vampires with witch power, an aberration of Nature. They can never be allowed to escape. Imagine Kai with the bloodlust of a vampire. Now, imagine six of them.
 Oh. Did I tell you I got us into that cute bakery right off campus?
 To taste wedding cake for our wedding.
 I don't need to remind you... right around the corner?
 I just pulled a crummy all-nighter at a B & B we're supposed to be scouting for the wedding. You can care about cake. Did I mention that the cute bakery is right next door to an even cuter tequila bar?
 We were just keeping a really close eye on your friends...
 In that case  (She stands to her feet)  I'm just gonna head to the honeymoon suite.
 Maybe you should let Caroline decide what she needs.
 
 I just realized that tonight is my last shift as a single woman. I can't wait to marry you.
 Me, too.
 
 ...Sure.
 What's this about?
 
 
 Oh! Oh, my God. No. I don't think so! 
 An entire diner to ourselves? Actual heaven.
 Understandable, considering...
 
 The baby is not okay with the no-meat thing. Besides, it's my party, and I'll eat what I want to! 
 Hey, I don't want to know what Ric's doing, do I?
 
 You guys aren't full, are you?
 So, basically, Damon did the vampire-version of a wedding proposal, and you just walked away?
 Trust me, I would much rather talk about that than the fact that I have yet to find a non-hideous wedding gown. Or, that I can't ask my sister to be my maid of honor because she won't return my phone calls. Or, the fact that I cannot stop eating  literally, like ever. So, big decision. Go.
 That's ridiculous. Being supernatural doesn't change who you are! I should know  I'm an ex-witch who's about to marry an ex-vampire. Deep down, you know who you are and what you want. Love's always gonna require a huge leap of faith. A big, scary leap over a hot pit of lava. And, you might end up heartbroken, but you might be the happiest person on the face of the earth. Personally? I'm glad I took that leap.
 Yes, to my bed, if I can walk.
 
 
 No, please! I'm pregnant!
 
 Stay calm. I'm gonna help you.
 
 No squeeze? 
 No, no. Don't. Don't try and talk. I heard what she said. Twins. Which means I'm number one on Kai's "Most Wanted" list. Congratulations, you have been bumped to number two. So, thank you for destroying that stupid Ascendant. And, I hope you meant what you said, that there's no way to get out of that prison world.
 
 It's okay! It's not my blood. It's okay.
 She's fine. Damon gave her some of his blood.
 It's, uh, babies, actually. Turns out, there's two of them cooking in there.
 Even if Kai never escapes that prison, my family's gonna try and take them from us. A new Gemini twin Merge is the only thing that can strip Kai of his power.
 How is that possible?
 Alaric, I can't ask you to give your whole life up for me.
 Crap, they're not here.
 My shoes! My gorgeous, ridiculously expensive, wear-them-once-and-then-never-again shoes. They are missing.
 On my shoes?
 Is that possible?
 Oh, good, break it! Because my wrinkled dress will surely distract everyone from my bare feet.
 One, a non-alcoholic mimosa is just an orange juice. And two, I can't drink. Somebody should drink. You should drink.
 That's not an "okay" okay. That's a "there's a problem" okay.
 Huh. It sounded like you just said, "Danielle has the flu," which is impossible, because Danielle is my wedding coordinator.
 Well, how sick is she? Can she still work?
 I'm dreading it, but I guess I should think about putting the dress on.
 Something's wrong. It's not the dress, is it? Please tell me it's not the dress.
 Did she do something to the dress?
 Hey, remember when you were pacing yourself?
 The only mistake you made was that last glass of champagne. I'm gonna go make some coffee before you spiral through the earth to China.
 An acute panic attack, brought on by stress, pregnancy, and a severe lack of food?
 What are the chances of you being an amazing maid-of-honor and keeping this mortifying episode to yourself? I don't want to worry Ric.
 If you're trying to organize a secret rendezvous...
 Divorce?
 Stop fishing for spoilers!
 Well, there's not much to do in the coven other that procreate. You haven't seen my dad, have you?
 He gives really good gifts. Oh and never say, "big of you" to a pregnant woman.
 I love that you hate it. See you soon.
 Dad! What are you doing back here?
 It's kind of funny.
 Oh god, that's a tough act to follow. Here it goes  Alaric Saltzman, you are...
 Aah! Aah!
 I'm starving.
 Is that art or something?
 That's a TV. I'm Jo. You're Alaric, but you go by Ric because it's an odd name, and we're married.
 This is amazing. Did you make it?
 
 It's not serious. Do you have bandages? I'll wrap it for you.
 Be right back.
 What happened to me?
 This was mine, wasn't it?
 What happened to me?
 
 
 I remember. I was stabbed! I was stabbed in the heart!
 No, I was stabbed in the heart!
 I...
 No! Don't touch me! Stay away from me!
 Here. I realized I have no idea how to use that thing.
 Nothing about this world is familiar to me. Not you, not any of this. Not even my own reflection.
 No. I don't think I am. If I'm not Jo, who am I?
