 I didn't know I had guests. You've met Kai?
 Yeah. He's my son. I'm Joshua Parker.
 Invisique.
 They can't see you anymore, Damon, which means they also can't see this.
 Just need some information. Not looking to make enemies.
 You were trapped with Kai. I need to know how you got out.
 Is Kai still there?
 Does Kai know how to escape?
 The Ascendant.
 Why would I give you the key to my son's prison?
 Do you have any idea what it feels like to come home and find 4 of your children dead, another one impaled, two running for their lives? Do you think that image has ever left my mind?
 That's exactly what I mean. If Kai gets out, he'll head straight for Jo. His ability to siphon magic will overwhelm Jo, and she will die, and our coven will be left to the whims of a madman.
 I won't let him out, Damon.
 I've watched Jo her whole life. She's done well on her own, survived war, become a doctor, but if Jo merges with Kai, she will cease to exist. Kai won't just be our coven's problem. He'll be everyone's problem.
 Phesmatos incendere ad pulvox.
 If Kai has access to an Ascendant and is sharing his prison with the Bennett witch, he will eventually find his way out. At least, this will keep him from merging.
 The coven comes before family.
 Invisique.
 Sanguinem filio, sanguinem effurgarex perpetuum. Sanguinem filio, sanguinem effurgarex perpetuum.
 Phesmatos filio, phesmatos effurgarex perpetuum.
 Olivia? You home?
 Sweetheart, it's your old man.
 Well, we were, but I wanted a couple of extra minutes with my girl.
 Happy birthday.
 You're refusing to merge?
 There are no other options. If a set of twins doesn't merge, then the Gemini bloodline will cease to exist upon my death. That means the entire coven will die. Is that what you want?
 There's nothing to figure out. This is what you were born to do.
 Kai is a psychopath. An extremely dangerous one.
 I'm not asking you to do anything I haven't done myself.
 It doesn't work like that and you know it. One will absorb traits from the other. Both of your souls will unite into a new being.
 Yes?
 Why?
 Just thinking about how proud I am of you and your brother. Built a good life for yourselves here.
 Of course. We share a history. A bloodline. We're in this together. We're family.
 Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.
 Kai has been released. He's going after Jo. I can't let him get to her.
 I'm sorry.
 There's no other option. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.
 What has your brother done?
 We have to leave. Now.
 Luke is gone.
 I can feel it. He merged with Kai and Kai won. Luke is gone.
 We have to run, Olivia!
 You think he's gonna keep you safe?
 If you change your mind, you know where to find us.
 Maybe I should just, uh, leave my gift and go then.
 You're my daughter, and I, uh... ahem... I don't expect you to say yes but... if I didn't at least ask to walk you down the aisle, I couldn't live with myself.
 Kai!
 Sanguinem filio. Sanguinem effurgarex perpetuum.
 No!
 Where's my daughter. Liv! Liv!
