 Rough day, huh, Damon? Sorry. Manners. I'm Kai. Nice to meet you. Pork rind?
 Oh, you think this is annoying? Hmm. Try listening to you and Bonnie bicker every 5 minutes.
 Of course I have. You two are the closest thing I have a to a TV. I mean, you're
 Oh. Oh, man, you got to watch it. You like lifeguards, like... Hot ones?
 Temper's gonna get you in trouble, Damon. It's already driven Bonnie away how many times? Oh, oh, oh, wait. I know. 13.
 Ok. Ok. Sorry. Seriously. I'm just kind of rusty on the face-to-face type human interactions.
 Maybe you should have a drink. That usually calms you down.
 Then makes you angry, then sad, then calm again. It's a weird cycle, and look, if you really want to know the reason I'm following you, it's because I want to kill you.
 Vervain in your bourbon. Who didn't see that one coming?
 Who buys patio furniture from a grocery store? I mean, somebody must. Otherwise, it... it wouldn't be here, But now I'm a little unfamiliar with vampires, but from what I've gathered, a stake in the heart should do it, right?
 You can always fight dirty, Damon. Like that time you and Bonnie played monopoly and you stole from the bank. Not cool.
 No. You're not. I didn't know which bottle you'd take, so I vervained them all. ( He raises his hand to stab Damon. )
 The useless one is here. Thank God. I've watched you try to do magic for months now. What are you gonna do, fail at me? It's embarrassing. I'm embarrassed for you.
 Uh-oh.
 Ok. Ok. Ok.
 Let me guess. I answer right, I get a pork rind. Wrong, I get a poker.
 Yeah. You don't have to do that.
 We're on the same team.
 The important thing is that you have your magic back. It worked.but turns out it was. I guess that's just how you two show your love.
 Of course I did. Because your magic is the key to getting the hell out of here.
 And, of course, I broke into the Oval Office and took a picture of myself at the window, looking all JFK. But then, I was, like, "Wait  How am I going to get these photos developed?"—Damon  Oh my god, just answer the damn question. How are we going to get out of this Twilight Zone? (Damon is sitting across from him in a dark couch.)
 I got a question for you, first. Why do you think we're stuck on a repeating loop of May 10, 1994? Doomed to relive a solar eclipse forever and ever, and ever.
 Well, I heard you tell Bonnie this place was your own personal hell. I'm kinda curious why.
 Can't show you with my hands taped.
 Thank you.
 I'll explain... as soon as you tell me what you did on May 10, 1994.
 Let me put it this way—Bonnie's magic is one part of the equation. My as-yet undisclosed knowledge is the other. Which means you would be hitching a ride home for free. I just want to know if you deserve to come along.
 ...What kind of person needs to have that explained to them?
 Ooooh, now I'm listening. (He scoops out some jam from the jar with his hand and eats it)
 I need to be entertained while I work.
 ♪ Hell story, please ♪
 No, no, no, I'm awake.
 Let me guess... You killed the pregnant woman.
 I was listening, in my sleep. You were hanging out with your distant-nephew Zach, who you called Uncle Zach, because that's not confusing. Plus, pregnant lady Gail, who had a big bull's-eye on her chest. Got it.
 Oh, that's totally what happened. Why else would today be his personal hell? Oh, here we go.
 Okay. To get home, we'll harness the power of the eclipse using a mystical relic. It's called an Ascendant, and it looks like this, Damon The last time we had it was in the Pacific Northwest—Oregon. (He opens the encyclopedia to a map and sets it on the table)
 It belonged to my family. So   here's a little blood to get you started. Now all we need is a locator spell to pinpoint its whereabouts.
 Ignore him, Bonnie. Pretend he's a white-noise machine. That's how I used to tune out my siblings. I grew up with a ton of little sisters and brothers. You know, all of them constantly yammering. But it taught me how to focus. (He looks like he's about to kiss her.)
 The spell's moving towards Virginia. That can't be right.
 Very good.
 The one and only.
 It was just another little test. To make sure Bonnie's magic was precise enough for the spell. I do believe you're ready. Pack your bags - we're going home.
 Looking for the exact right spot. We need to found where the power of the eclipse is focused.
 Yeah, but I wanted to feel your hand on my chest.
 I used the Ascendant to figure out where we need to be standing during the eclipse.
 Who names a kid Malachai? It's like they expected me to be evil.
 Hello! Not everyone died. I had a soft spot for one of my sisters. 'Cause otherwise, I would've cut her lungs out, and not just her spleen.
 You can survive without a spleen.
 Look, well, these two, I, uh, hung off a stairwell railing. Then I put a hunting knife in her abdomen, and him, I drowned in the pool. But, he kept fighting me. I was like, "I saved you for last, you ungrateful little..." Anyway, that was that.
 Coven, to be precise. Oh, you know, family of witches.
 Sort of, yeah. No powers, obviously. Oh, and of course, Gemini Coven did not take it too well when they heard what I did in Portland. It's why they banished me here.
 Yup. This place isn't your hell, Damon. It's mine.
 Ouch. Poor nephew-uncle Zach.
 Oh, come on, Bonnie. You wanna go home to your friends, I wanna go back and give the rest of the Gemini Coven an excruciating death. Win-win.
 Sorry doesn't work for me.
 Kind of a non-issue now. We missed the day's eclipse. Rain check for tomorrow?
 Actually, it's not that simple.
 Here's the thing  I have a killer effect on magic. I can't generate it myself. But, I can consume it from others temporarily. My family callled me an abomination. That hurt my feelings.
 You can see why my coven and I didn't get along.
 If I consume all of Bonnie's magic I'm just gonna end up killing her. But, if we work together, we can all go home as friends. Or I can devour her magic, kill you both, and go home alone. What's it gonna be?
 I heard my name. All good I hope. You need to dig into the tunnels below us.
 Have you never portal-jumped through an eclipse before?
 Okay look, the light of the eclipse will shine down and activate the Ascendant, you spout a little witchy woo and then poof! Anyone standing in the circle of light holding the Ascendant goes home.
 Uh-huh.
 When the time comes.
 Into town, I need to... gather some important supplies.
 Looks like I got back just in time.
 555-Hiya-Kai, no way I'm giving those digits up.
 Look. The future sounds great, all right? I'm super excited about the Internet, but 1994 has been my home for most of my life. I'd hate to get homesick. So let's get down there 
 Okay.
 Uh-oh, she's being brave.
 Don't mind if I do.
 Forgetting someone?
 Did you really think I hadn't tried to kill myself before?
 Because I had (he reloads his crossbow) lots of times, lots of ways.
 Grab that, and the next arrow goes in her heart. Your choice.
 DON'T!
 Oh. Look who's awake. How do you feel?
 Right. Anyhoo, I have no idea how you managed to shatter the ascendant into a billion pieces, but we need to put it together before the eclipse at 12 28. You want to help? I know you're a puzzle person.
 You've been through a trauma. Your memory's probably a little fuzzy right now, so you might be thinking that your magic will protect you, but all I have to do is hold your hand, and your magic suddenly becomes mine.
 What was that? Huh? What? You're gonna do the spell and finally get us home?
 Looking for this? You stole the ascendant, naughty girl. You weren't planning on using and leaving me behind, were you? You left a trail of blood in the driveway. Figured where else would you stop and play nurse?
 I thought about taking the keys, but that'd be like taking the cheese out of a mousetrap, right, Bonnie? Although, you know, fun fact. Mice don't actually like cheese. Isn't that great? Shh, shh, shh. Shh, shh, shh. So we have an hour until the eclipse. It's time to go home, Bonnie.
 I brought you a present.
 Ta-da! Ms. Cuddles! Thought you might want to bring her along.
 I know you think I'm a monster. I mean, I did murder or heavily maim most of my immediate family, but after a long period of self-reflection, I've come to the conclusion that I could have handled my anger better.
 I didn't mean it. Honestly, I would do anything to get my family back, and the thing I'm most scared of is trying to figure out how to live in the world again. Sort of hoping you've been a positive influence on me. You're a good person, Bonnie. You're brave, loyal, patient. I want to be more like you. What do you say? Friends?
 It's now or never.
 Just in case you thought you'd try to go without me.
 So long, 1994.
 What the hell's happening?
 Keep going. Hurry.
 Keep going!
 What are you talking about? You were just doing the spell.
 There's nothing there. There's no magic.
 Where did you put your magic?
 You put it in the bear, didn't you?
 Come on! Where's the stupid bear, hmm?
 Josette. Where are they?
 Oh, Jo. Come on out, Jo. I know you can hear me.
 Josette? Where are they, Jo?
 Come on out, Jo. You know I won't kill you.
 Wakey, wakey.
 Ohh.
 Get so lucky to arrive here on a private flight piloted by yours truly? Oh, you would have been super-impressed with my flying skills, but I'd already knocked you out with painkillers.
 Portland, Oregon, stomping grounds of Courtney Love, Tonya Harding, and tons of other awesome people.
 This is where I grew up.
 I've been counting eclipses since I was imprisoned on this empty planet, and according to my running tally, I've been here for 6,771 supernaturally repeating days, so in the real world, which we'll never get back to because you sent your magic away in a Teddy bear, today's my favorite day of the year.
 Thanksgiving. I'm cooking you dinner.
 Ah. Memories.
 Pitter-patter of little siblings' feet, witchy-woo, chanting in the air, mom and dad calling me an abomination.
 Because I can finally show it to someone. My coven goes out of their way to make sure no one finds us, but since they're not here to be paranoid freak shows, mi casa es su casa. Come on.
 That smells great. Not exactly a turkey dinner, but it's what my family had in the fridge on May 10, 1994.
 Don't touch that.
 Because it's brand-new, looks cool, and I don't want you to bust it.
 I get it. I knocked you out, kidnapped you against your will. Can't you see I'm trying to apologize?
 Fine. Can we at least have one last dinner conversation before my eternity of aloneness resumes?
 In the spirit of Thanksgiving, I'll even let you take my car.
 Where are they?
 Where are they?!
 Mmm. Mmm.
 Is it a crime to want to savor our last meal together?
 I should probably teach you how the clutch works. It's finicky.
 Fine. I'm stalling. Mmm. But don't you want to hear how my story ends?
 My family sent me to this prison world. My father, the great coven leader... he treated me like crap for 22 years and then locked me here. It's like his... like his kids didn't even matter. Coven always came first no matter what.
 Olivia, Lukas?
 Olivia? Lukas? Come out, come out, wherever you are.
 Well, we needed a celestial event, so the plan was to use the power of the eclipse happening the next day. She even gathered our coven to help.
 Been practicing my whole life.
 Sanguinem desimilus... Sanguinem generis fiantus.
 I don't feel anything.
 Sanguinem desimilus... Sanguinem generis fiantus.
 Josette, what did you do? Why can't I feel your magic? And why aren't they saying anything? They should be saying something. They should be saying something, right? We're merging. This should all be a bigger deal.
 Aah! Aah!
 They tricked me good. Instead of using the power of the eclipse for the merge, my dad used it to send me here, and where'd Jo's magic go? You know, it made zero sense. Magic doesn't just, like, disappear, but then you made yours disappear when you hid it in Ms. Cuddles, and it hit me. My sneaky little twin sister hid her magic...
 In this. Hmm.
 Still here and still full of magic.
 Well, it was. I just sucked it out.
 I also have the Ascendant.
 About that. I've watched you do the spell twice now. I don't think I need a Bennett witch to do the spell. I think all I actually need is Bennett blood.
 You ever worn skinny jeans? Agh. It seems wrong. I'm all bunched up. Also, why are jeans so tight when phones are so big?
 Oh, God. I'm that guy, right? That guy that won't shut up. Oh, I hate that guy. I just sat next to that guy on the plane. He was the worst. Hey. Speaking of planes, have you flown recently? Because what's with the whole liquid situation and the stripping before you go through security thing? It's weird.
 Ok. Well, I'm sorry, but the real terrorists are some of those people taking off their shoes. I know I'm chatty. Sorry. I've just been in prison for awhile. Not like a regular prison, you know, more like a...
 Special kind of...
 All right. Jeans. Uh, will you take this? Hang on. Hang on. I got it. Oh. Hey. Gum. Nice.
 I got it. Hold on. Huh. Well... I guess this will do.
 Thank you.
 One Zima, please.
 Ok. Uh, how about a soda... Liv?
 Heh. Liv. Ironic.
 You on Twitter? Ah. I just signed up. You should follow me. Cobrakai1972. Come on. Like "Karate Kid"? Did you know you can follow celebrities? Heh. They all Twitter the stupidest things. It's it's hilarious.
 Oh. Hang on, hang on. I'm gonna get a real drink. No bourbon. I'm secure enough in my masculinity. Vodka's boring, rum's too tropical. Ooh. Tequila. You do not want to see me on Tequila. What about gin? Is that weird?
 Oh. Of course. Of course.
 No. True story, but that's not the most interesting thing on that I.D. Here. Look again. Name, address...
 Last time I saw you...
 I was trying to kill you. Why don't we pick up where we left off?
 Life is so much easier with magic.
 Feels kind of like cheating. I'm sad you didn't recognize me. That means dad erased all trace of my existence  family pictures, movies, little handprint turkey I made. What a dick.
 You were always so bad at hide-and-seek. I mean, you were 4, but still, find a better hiding spot.
 Wait. Are you guys talking about Bonnie Bennett? Because honestly, I didn't think she was all that great.
 Oh, hey. Me, too. Oh, yeah. Damon, I, uh, I stole some of Liv's magic when I tried to kill her. Think some of it might still be in my system, so pardon me.
 Uh-uh-uh. You missed one. Phesmatos incendia.
 Huh. I guess this is that, uh, antimagic border, which means now there's a psycho loose in Mystic Falls and no vampires around to stop him. Whoops.
 I think gin gets a bad rap.
 I'd rather not kill you, but I will.
 This is gonna sound crazy, but I want to save Liv's life. Feel like making a deal with the devil?
 I stabbed her.
 I know I tried to kill you when you were toddlers, but I got to say, it sure is nice to be around family for the holidays.
 This is the antimagic border. Jo can get her magic back over there while over here...
 Sissy's up.
 I haven't seen you in 18 years. You can't muster a hello?
 Magic. Yeah. Yeah. I recall. You stored it in this.
 I'm trying to reunite Jo with her...
 Magic. It's not working.
 I was wanting to kill you when your brain was the size of an acorn. You don't think I'll do it now?
 Oh, so dramatic. All right. Sissy... Let's try this again.
 I'm going to find a bandage while you figure out how to put the magic in this knife into our sister.
 Preferably by the time I get back so I don't have to dull it by slitting your throat.
 Can't say I didn't warn her.
 Phasmatos superous em animi...
 Isn't it gonna be funny when I kill her using her own magic? Wait. Is that funny or sad? I get my emotions mixed up. Hey. What's the one for fire again? It's "incendia," right? Phasmatos...
 There it is. Oh, so predictable. I threaten Liv, you do anything it takes to save Liv.
 Motus.
 Oh, whoops. Looks like you found the anti-magic border. Drew a line in the dirt for everyone's convenience. See? Yeah. You're welcome.
 So this whole antimagic thing, is it like a... Like a dome or a bubble? Like, say, you were in 747 flying over Mystic Falls, would you die? You know, that could be dangerous, like if you're headed to New York and your pilot reroutes for weather.
 That's a lot of travelers. Must be a pretty big spell. Like a really big spell. So big... It covers every inch of an entire town.
 Magia tollox de terras. Utera aso utox.
 Utera aso utox...
 Magia tollox de terras. Utera aso utox.
 A lot of magic.
 I may have put a cloaking spell on us.
 How genius is that?
 See, we never went out to dinner when I was a kid, so, I always had this fascination with chefs and fine dining. Dad actually let me cook... Taught me to measure by eye. Seasonings to taste, all that stuff, but it's different now in the restaurant world. Everything's on time. It's like, the fries go in, you push a button, it dings and you take 'em out. Literally no guess work.
 Uh, well I spent eighteen years in abandoned restaurants and now I'm showing off the fruits of my labor.
 Oh, you mean like, here here, in Mystic Falls. Sorry, I'm nervous. You're like, really pretty.
 Well, I took the spell that was keeping supernaturals out of Mystic Falls and I, I like absorbed it...Like ate it, I guess. So then I tried again and I think I broke his spine? I mean, I'm not, I'm not really sure, because the third time I tried the spell, he kinda exploded in blood. Whoops. (Takes a drink of coffee)
 I just told you, I have too much magic. It's easy to do and...undo. Phasmatos oculix. (Dead manager appears on table in front of Elena)
 Table for three You had no idea.
 They have plenty of restrooms, no flammable surfaces, and everyone's on winter break...Still. You know, it's no wonder America got dumb while I was locked up; they're never in school. Is that you? Oh, and there's Bonnie. You guys look so innocent. Smiling, like nothing bad could ever happen to you.
 Anyway, do you mind if I try to turn your blood into acid again?
 I was trying the whole acid-blood thing and I think I burst a few important capillaries in your brain, because you blacked out.
 Phasmatos navaro pulsus sanguinox
 Phasmatos navaro
 Sanguinox
 Phasmatos
 Navaro pul 
 Take it that ring meant something to you? I never understood sentimental attachments to things, because then it's so upsetting when you lose them.
 Bingo.
 Oh, hello.
 Well, thanks. Yeah, somebody burned my other one. Which was awesome, by the way.
 I am starting to see why Damon digs you. You are crazy-pants. Oh, it sucks about that shirt, though.
 Oh. Is this going to be like an episode of "Ricki Lake" where I come face-to-face with my demons and change for the better?
 I guess I liked my brother, Joey. We played Dr. Mario together and he'd always win. Actually, one of my favorite memories is when I finally beat him (Kai and Elena both are smiling slightly). Of course, my favorite memory is when I finally beat him to death.
 You don't have to waste your energy trying to change me. If Ricki taught me anything, it's that liking yourself is the most important thing. And I like me.
 Oh, nothing. Just working on my self-control.
 O-kay. (he turns and walks away)
 I have a guess. Magic's hard. Isn't it, Jo?
 Oh, are we not cloaking people anymore? I thought that's what this was.
 That's gotta hurt. I am  definitely getting the hang of this. Cloaking spells, illusions. You know, it's all the same wheelhouse.
 Now that I've got the kinks worked out, we can actually do this. Is there an upcoming celestial event that interests you? I'm partial to Ugh!
 You really think I'm gonna trust you?
 Let's discuss my fee.
 All right. I need a 12-gauge needle, stat. I don't know what I'm gonna do with it, but I need it.
 I get what you two see in each other. It's very dys-FUN-ctional. See what I did? Stressing the 'fun' in dysfunctional 
 That's good.
 Hey, sis. Little busy. Be with you in a jiffy.
 There. All done.
 Oh, that is so tragic. You know, 'cause you guys jumped through hoops to get the magic out of her system, but then her ticker's just not strong enough to take a little siphoning.
 Magical neck-snap. Never gets old. Isn't this the part where you start running?
 Look at those pretty planets, all twinkly and bright. Oh, Josette, you would not believe how sick I am of eclipses.
 You know, if you think I didn't spend the last 18 years in solitary thinking about you screwed me over last time, you're wrong. So if this is just another setup, I'll rip something out more important than a spleen. Like a tongue or a heart. So, any closing remarks?
 I guess we'll see. Won't we?
 Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.
 What the hell did you just do?
 Ohh, you wanna merge with me. I hate to break it to you, little brother, but we're not twins. All right, that's not how this is supposed to work.
 Thanks, but I'm gonna pass.
 It's your funeral.
 You win some, you lose some.
 Except for me. I always win.
 Hello? (Kai is calling from the
 Ooh! Forgot how
 Funniest thing. I need your
 I haven't been able to find her
 Well, in case you haven't
 Yes. So when I absorbed Luke's
 Yes! And after that was done, I
 Sad
 I can't bring Bonnie back with
 (Shows her the broken
 It is?
 One of
 What do you want to say?
 Oh, thank God. You
 Hi.
 Uh, for the record, I would
 Think of it like Elena in
 Hmm.
 Ok.
 So I can't send us back
 You remember that movie
 I don't know. I've never done
 I don't know. Spell must
 It's not that easy. (points to
 I couldn't. Of course, it was
 All while
 That might work. Focus all of
 The magic overwhelms me, and I
 Phesmatos tribum...
 Phesmatos tribum...
 Invocio caveum...
 Phesmatos tribum invocio
 Where's the stupid map?
 Hurry up and find Nova Scotia.
 Dang, sis. That was
 Aah! Agh!
 (stands up and grabs a bottle)
 That races through
 At the prospect of watching
 Ugh! (falls to the ground)
 Jeremy, look at me. I'm
 Ok. Ok. (starts chanting)
 Hey. Look. I know you hate me, but I really... really need to see my sister.
 I called to tell you I was sick, and you you hung up on me.
 Look. There's an issue I've been worried about since the merge because we really didn't do it right. You know, the whole , "You're not my twin" "Hey. That's okay. Close enough" plan? It worked, which is, you know, cool. Hey, I'm even a little bit nice now in case you were wondering. But I've been waiting for the other shoe to drop. And, well, I think it's dropped because I'm  Where's the bathroom? (Kai starts vomiting blood)
 I don't think you have food poisoning. I was supposed to merge my magic with you. But I got Luke's instead. Ohh. Now I'm defective, and I think that's why you're sick. I kind of feel like I'm dying, actually. And if I die, so do you, dad, Liv, and the rest of our dumb coven. So could you please fix me, like, now?
 Mm-hmm.
 Yup.
 Stop making jokes. I feel like I'm being scrunched from inside out. This is kinda private. Does your baby-boo need to be here?
 Yeah, duh, because I'm magically diseased. You haven't puked in at least 
 Oh. I feel better.
 Yeah, sorry about that. That was an accident, but I  wow! I legitimately feel better. You need to give me your magic.
 This faux merge is clearly failing because I was supposed to get your magic, right? Just  I don't know  put it in a teddy bear or a bed pan and gimmie. (reaches out his hand)
 I can see you're skeptical, Ric. Can I call you Ric? Hey, buddy, but here's the thing you need to know is that Jo only survives if I do, okay? And if that's not enough for you, the power that binds the prison worlds comes form the leader of the gemini coven. If I die, the worlds collapse, alright? I see vacancy. Would you like me to start over with single syllables?
 Has no one ever mentioned that?
 Ahh. Me, our coven, and the prison worlds thank you.
 A place filled with crappy people like me, I'm sure. You never liked being a witch anyway.
 Ahh. Thank you. And congratulations.
 Have a good life, Sissie.
 I can't believe Bonnie made it out! Actually, I can. She's plucky. Hey, do you need help? 
 
 Oh, so you just - you just called me here because you needed a friend? No, you wanted to know if it was possible for her to exist in another prison world... to which I responded, "yes," to which you responded with denial.
 Then who is it?
 
 Not if she were like you.
 Uh, if you're so sure of that, why haven't you opened the coffin yet? 
 Whew, yeah, why tell your brother your mother's still alive? No, but I get it. Mom's in a prison world and therefore an evil psychopath. Don't want to ruin little bro's perfect-mommy memory.
 
 Technically, yes, I am able to do that. But, I'll need the Ascendant for the 1903 Prison World.
 It's my pleasure.
 
 Hey. Who was that?
 
 Huh. Shame... 
 I have a strong lead on the Ascendant. 
 
 
 Hi.
 Um...
 Um...I wanted...
 
 
 
 Bon, did you hear what I said?
 
 
 You requested a truncated version, so I respectfully jumped to the end.
 Because there are only two prison worlds in existence. Mine, created in 1994, and the one created in 1903 for the sole purpose of locking up your mom and her closet full of crazy-pants.
 
 I'm trying to save your life.
 Your mom's a Ripper, okay? 
 Bodies piled up, she moved, killed some more, until she had to move again. 
 And, for some reason, my coven made it their duty to stop her. So, they cut her off at New York Harbor before she could tear through Manhattan. Granted  
 
 You want the 1903 Ascendant? Well, sure. Just let me reach in my pocket and pull it out.
 Okay. The problem is the Gemini kept the existence of the 1903 prison world a secret for generations, so find the key to that particular jail cell, I'd have to navigate ancient texts, undo layers of magical cloaking spells, and... Wait. and if I wanted to, I could get her out. Newly minted leader of the Gemini coven and all, I don't even need a celestial event to zap us there.
 I'll go if you go. Come on. It could be fun, you know, 1903, the-the Gilded Age. Didn't you ever dream about time travel?
 You're way more likely to die at the hands of your gal-pal Caroline. I bet it will be over something stupid, like, she stops doing laundry, and you make some snippy comment, and she snips off your tongue. I'm mean, if only there were some way to reunite her with her humanity.
 Damn. Crocodile Dundee called. He wants his knife back.
 Ouch.
 Powerful as I am, there's a limit to how many people one witch can transport with this spell.
 Sangiema meam et nos mundo carcerema. Sangiema meam et nos mundo carcerema.
 The Ascendant can't travel between worlds, which means we gotta find its mirror image here in 1903.
 New leaf? You believe me.
 You have really nice palms.
 Do you know why I'm here?
 Because my guilt keeps me up at night. I don't-I don't expect you to believe me. But I need you to give me one more chance.
 Bonnie! LISTEN TO ME!
 Sorry, I  Oh my God, I didn't-I didn't mean to do that 
 Why would the Ascendant be here?
 If you don't think I'm capable of change, why spend an entire day with me? Why bring me out into the middle of nowhere? I could gut you all over again. Your friends would never even hear you scream.
 Looking, looking, and... nope, they didn't hide the Ascendant in a random pile of 
 Bonnie!
 What are you doing?
 Please, don't.
 Please, please, believe me! I've changed!
 BONNIE!
 Where do they keep their food?
 Who the hell are  AHHHHH!
 Come and get it!
 Big breakfast for a big day! 
 Wow, you are not good at running.
 No magic? Oh, that's my fault, I was spooning you earlier. I think I might've sleep-siphoned you. Oh, but keep trying. It's adorable, like you're having a little seizure.
  Did you think you could keep screwing people over and there wouldn't be any consequences?
 I was gonna wait 'til the "death do us apart" bit, but it seemed a little on the nose. Am I right?
 Miss me? No? Oh well.
 Nothing personal, but this is a family matter now.
 Tsk. Oh.
 Let me guess, Prison World?
 I mean, you can't kill me. Or else you all die too, right.
 See... when your family decides that your nothing but an irredeemable piece of trash, well... I guess the best thing to do is prove them right, right?
 This ought to do it.
 Vodux.
 Here's to being different, Dad.
 Bad time?
 Freaky, right? I turned myself into one of Lily's Heretics. It's really incredible, actually. I can literally siphon the magic of my vampirism and convert it into more magic.
 Ooh. Looks like somebody's having a very bad day.
 Motus!
 Ha. Bad doggie.
 All this time travel's has been hard on the camera, Bon.
 Yay! You saw the post-it. Kidding. Anyhow, you're probably wondering why you're still alive, since I should have bled you out, one painful ounce at a time. I mean, that's what you deserved. You left me behind in 1903, which I did not appreciate, but I guess you forgot about that old Canadian rock filled with Bennett blood. Anyway, even though I got out, I kind of just want to make you suffer, in new and  if I may say so myself  totally inspired ways.
 What's happening to me?
 How do I fix it?
 Oh, I can't do that.
 Huh.
 It's just not as threatening when I'm seeing like, four super-blurry versions of you. Heh heh.
 And she'll stay that way until she wakes.
 Young, beautiful, human Elena Gilbert, preserved in this moment indefinitely.
 So, Bonster, I linked Elena's life to yours. The rule is  as long as you're alive, Elena will remain asleep.
 Oh, I totally did.
 And oh, please don't go looking for some weird witchy work-around, because as the incredibly-powerful leader of the Gemini's, I rigged this so that if you do try to outsmart it, both you and Elena will die  instantly. I guess what I'm trying to say is your betrayal really hurt me, Bon. So, this is kind of all your fault.
 Damon, think about it  everyday that you wake up without Elena in your arms, you'll have the burning desire to kill Bonnie. Of course, you could just get it over with and kill her now, but Elena will probably never speak to you again.
 Hello? Anyone still alive, hmm? Anyone alive just raise your hand. I need blood.
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Do your friends think you're funny? Because maybe if you were funny  if you were the one with the good jokes, who they can always count on to make them laugh  maybe they'd be cool with letting you live instead of Elena.
 I can't. What's done is done.
 I can't undo the spell, Bonnie. My death made it permanent.
 You know what's funny? I didn't even know werewolves were real until I got bit by one.
 The thing is, Bon  the only way a guy turns into a wolf is if it's magic, right? So technically, their venom's magic, too. So I just went ahead and siphoned it up.
 Motus!
 How dumb are you? I deliver you a dying Bonnie Bennett on a silver platter and *woosh*  right over your head.
 Uh, translation  she's about to croak.
 Of course, you don't have to help her. You could just walk away. She dies of collapsed lung, no blood on your hands, and you and Elena get to live the life you always dreamed of.
 Either way, you better act quick.
 That's it? He just left you? The whole point was that this would torture him for a while. I mean, you'd think he'd at least flip a coin  heads he picks you, tails he picks 
 Yeah, sorry to interrupt. But what if I told you I had a better idea?
 Who names a kid Malachai? It's like they expected me to be evil. I linked Elena's life to yours, and the rule is, as long as you're alive, Elena will remain asleep.
 Yeah, sorry to interrupt, but what if I told you I had a better idea?
 Hey, where am I?
 Is it too late, to order food?
 beer, burger. Two burgers. No. No. Two beers, three burgers. Are the fries here good? I remember them being a little soggy. Oh, and a hot dog! A hot dog. Is that... is that crazy? Whatever. I'll do it. Dog me. It's my special day, I am here, and here is not hell, and that means that I am alive, so... thank you. 
 It doesn't taste like anything. 
 Come on, come on. Come on, come on, Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Okay.
 I can't feel anything. I'm not here. I'm not alive.
 Motus
 Well... at least I felt that.
 is that weird or what? I mean, I can still touch stuff. I'm not a ghost. More like a psychic imprint. Stuck between dimensions thanks to hell's bell. One foot on Earth, the other in Cade's nightmare world of hurt. On the run, off the grid A renegade relying only on his wits. A renegade. That's funny. I can still do magic if I siphon myself, but even then, it takes concentration.
 I need to siphon more power first.
 I've been in Hell long enough to know that there is no such thing as redemption. Invisique.
 
 Yeah, what can I say, I'm a sucker for second chances these days. Ever since Cade gave me a new lease on life in exchange for your boxed-up ex-girlfriend, which I assume that's why you're here.
 Hmm, yeah, I guess that's what I get for trying to put one over on a psychic. Listen, I'm sorry, Steven, but that dagger's my insurance policy in case Cade ever tries to send me back to that hot spot.
 Cade's the Devil. I looked into his eyes when I was handing over Elena and I decided that it's not worth the risk. Why would I trust you?
 But that's not the only difference between us, is it? For example, me, I'm this all-powerful Heretic, right, and you, you're just a puny vampire.
 Are you serious? That is insane. That's like, like major life change. Wow. Oh, ok, um, I'll tell you what. Tell you what, I've changed my mind. You can have the dagger. 
 Damon. Oh, that is so sweet! I'll be sure to tell your brother that you were thinking of him when you died.
 Ugh. Enough about Stefan, already. What you guys need is someone who can explain to you what's going on with your GEMINI COVEN twins. Huh, sure there's someone around here who could help with that but I can't quite put my finger on him. 
 Hello, Clarice.
 Well, same thing happened to me when I was around their age. You start being able to do these things,amazing things, and at first it's accidental and random and then you start to figure it out, which sounds cool but it's, um, it's torture. It's lonely.
 Jo wasn't a siphon. Jo was a Glenda. Perfect little witch who could do spells and make things float. People would clap, oh look at Josie, yes. Now, I was a kid who was walking around like an addict, fiending for a hit like I was on fire all the time. And they didn't understand it. So they isolated me. Couldn't even touch anyone. That screwed me up, big time.
 Well, I chose to become a sociopath with a penchant for murder and mayhem but I take it you might want to steer them in a different direction.
 Look around. You're in the hotbed of supernatural energy. The artifacts and books and talismans and God knows what else, witches can literally eat that up, they siphon it without even trying.
 Ding! Worst possible place to bring a siphon, like easily the worst. There is practically magic in the walls. 
 Caroline's phone.
 Yeah, she's taking a neck snap nap. Those kids really wore her out.
 Oh because you have got two Gemini coven offspring running around here somewhere and you know how I just love Gemini for destroying my life. Who better to terrorise?
 That's cute, and all, but I'm pretty sure I'm going to find them before you do but, oh what the heck, it's no fun without a little fire under your ass, right? Come get me.
 Just making my way to where kids like to hide. You know, Geminis are supposed to be, Ric?
 I tried to kill them once already. If at first you don't succeed, well. Try, try to kill them again.
