 Hello, class. What are we learning today?
 Right. The sixties.
 The, uh, ahem...
 The sixties. I wish there was something good I could say about the sixties, but...Actually, they kind of sucked. Except for the Beatles, of course. They made it bearable. Uh, what else was there? The Cuban missile thing, the...we walked on the moon. There was Watergate.
 Right. It all kind of mushes together up here, the sixties, seventies. Thank you, Elena.
 Sorry I'm late.
 That's not going to be that easy. I mean, he is the biggest, baddest vampire around.
 Ah, you're right. This witch is all juiced up and aiming to kill.
 We're gonna have to kill her, Maddox.
 Do you think this Alaric guy has anything vintage?
 Crossbows, wooden bullets and automatics? Who is this guy, again?
 Ahh. Well, that explains the clothing.
 I knew there was something about him I liked. There's a high school dance and I'm gonna need you to take out witch bitch.
 In this body? I'm a haggard history teacher. She can easily hurt me. I mean, not me, Klaus me, but you know what I mean.
 You mean like provoking her to death?
 How? He's human.
 Thank you, Dana. Thank you. Now who is your date?
 Chad, of course. How would you and your friends like to earn a little extra credit?
 Special dedication, huh? This guy's a little twisted.
 No?
 Elena!
 He has Jeremy.
 Yeah, Klaus has Jeremy. Come on.
 Just a little further.
 I just had to get away from that dance. The sixties, ugh. Not my decade.
 I mean, whose call was that, anyway? I much prefer the twenties. The style, the parties, the jazz.
 Now why would you ask me that question, Elena?
 Nope. Try again.
 Okay, I'll give you a hint. I am not Alaric.
 Surprise!
 Just relax, Elena. I'm not here to hurt you. You're not on my hit list tonight.
 But you are.
 Now, did I mention that I knew a witch? You're gonna have to hit me a lot harder than that.
 By all means...Fire away!
 If you kill this body, I'll just get a new one. Maybe Jeremy.
 What took you so long? Now, do you want to do this the easy way or the hard way?
 The hard way. Got it.
 What? You'd kill your favorite history teacher?
 Look at you.
 Is that all you got?
 Niklaus is the name my father gave me. Please. Call me Klaus.
 From where have you come, Katerina?
 Zdravei, Katerina.
 Do you mind, brother? I would like to have a moment alone with her.
 I remember etching this scroll. Well, I was quite blistered from drink.
 Not the African carvings? 'Cause I was quite proud of those.
 Yes!
 What do I interrupt?
 The wrong villager picked a fight at the tavern.
 The full moon is tomorrow, brother. After all these centuries, it is finally time.
 What does it matter if she lives or not? She's a means to an end that is all.
 She is human. Her life means nothing.
 Are you so foolish as to care for her?
 Love is a vampire's greatest weakness, and we are not weak, Elijah. We do not feel, and we do not care.
 Too many lifetimes ago to matter. Tell the witches not to bother. The sacrifice will happen as planned.
 What have you done?
 Katerina has gone. She has fled.
 What did you tell her?
 Do not lie to me!
 If you do not, I give you my word you will be dead.
 Now that's more like it.
 Gentlemen? Why so glum?
 In the flesh.
 Thanks for the loaner, mate.
 I'm told you and your brother fancy my doppelgänger. Just thought I'd remind you to not do anything you'll regret.
 You are kidding?
 He is kidding, right?
 Let me be clear...I have my vampire. I have my werewolf. I have everything I need. The ritual will happen tonight. So if you want to live to see tomorrow, don't screw it up.
 What have you been doing?
 Tell me what you've been doing.
 Wait. Take off your bracelet.
 Now, I want you...to walk over to the window and stand in the sunlight.
 You don't have a choice.
 That's enough.
 Guess I was wrong. All right, then. I need you to do something for me.
 You got me all nervous. I thought maybe you'd done something stupid. You ready, my dear?
 I wouldn't. No reason for you to die, too.
 Where's Maddox? He should be back by now.
 I sent her off with Greta.
 It's almost time.
 I wasn't aware you'd been invited in.
 Didn't we already have this conversation?
 Excuse me?
 Katerina, give us a moment.
 I've heard about you. The crazy, impulsive vampire in love with his brother's girl. I knew one of you would try to stop me. It was a just a 50/50 guess on who.
 The nice thing about werewolves is they tend to travel in packs. Need a closer look?
 When you spend a thousand years trying to break a curse...You learn a thing or two. First rule...always have a backup. Backup werewolf. Backup witch.
 I've got that covered, too.
 Glad to know I still have a dance partner.
 Hello, my lovelies. Are we ready?
 I've got the moonstone. I spent 500 years looking for this. I hate to part with it.
 I remember.
 Shall we?
 Does that mean it's working?
 Hello, Jenna.
 Careful.
 Well, well.
 I don't recall you being on the guest list.
 Very well, then.
 What can I do for you, Mr. Salvatore?
 Oh, I don't know. I rather appreciate the symmetry of three women 
 You're quite the hero, aren't you? I've heard that about you.
 Quite the predicament. You know, it's funny, all this talk about preserving family, and here's Stefan, granting your wish.
 Well. 
 Oh, don't worry. There's actually no choice.
 I have other plans for your boyfriend. I want him alive. But for now...
 Whenever you're ready, Greta.
 Your turn.
 It's time.
 Thank you, Elena.
 I can feel it. It's happening.
 Yes, yes!
 No! You were dead!
 Elijah?
 I didn't bury them at sea!
 Their bodies are safe. If you kill me, you'll never find them.
 Elijah. I can take you to them. I give you my word...brother.
 That was amazing. How long has it been?
 I can change at will, then. It's good to know. I remember every single kill.
 Just like old times, brother.
 That's right. Now, what was it again? Oh, yeah. Wait. I remember. That's it. You wish to be reunited with our family.
 What kind of brother would break his bond? Even though you did try to kill me.
 And now no one can, not even you. Relax, Elijah. All is forgiven.
 You need to lighten up. I'll bring you to them soon enough.
 You just keep popping up, don't you?
 Well, whatever it is, it's gonna have to wait a tick. You see, I have an obligation to my brother that requires my immediate attention.
 And so I shall.
 Now, what am I gonna do with you?
 Do you feel that? It's scraping against your heart. The slightest little movement and you're dead.
 Trouble is I don't know if you'd be any good to me the way you are now. You are just shy of useless.
 I heard about this one vampire, crazy bloke, always on and off the wagon for decades. When he was off, he was magnificent. 1917, he went into Monterrey and wiped out an entire migrant village...A true ripper. Sound familiar?
 Well, that's the vampire I can make a deal with. That is the kind of talent that I can use when I leave this town.
 Katerina, come here.
 You want your cure? There it is.
 Gotta love Mother Nature.
 Now...Let's talk, you and I.
 There it is. You want to save your brother? How 'bout a decade-long bender? And I have big plans for you when we leave this town.
 Well, that's too bad. You would have made a hell of a wingman.
 Now that's more like it. I want you to join me for a drink.
 Finish it. All of it. You do everything I say, and I save your brother. That's the deal.
 Again.
 You're very cooperative. It's almost as if you're enjoying it.
 Not until we make a deal. It's your choice, Stefan. You can either remain here living your life in Mystic Falls, or you can embrace what you truly are, leave town with me, and save your brother's life.
 That's the spirit.
 Sweetheart...
 Take this over to Damon and come right back.
 Yes and if I were you...
 I'd hurry.
 I suppose, brother, you've been reunited with our family.
 Put him with the others. We're leaving town tonight.
 So...Did Katerina make it in time?
 Because she's on vervain? I've been around a long time, Stefan. I rarely get played for a fool. Besides, she won't get far. You'll help me see to that.
 All will be explained in time. Once we leave this tragic little town.
 Not quite. You see, I have a gift for you.
 Come here, sweetheart. Don't be afraid.
 See, I wanna make sure you honor our deal...that you'll be of use to me.
 I could have compelled her to behave, but a real ripper enjoys the hunt.
 Now we can go.
 I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.
 Yeah, my car hmm, my car ran out of gas a couple of miles back. Eh I feel like I've been walking forever yours is the first house I come to so I was just hoping I could use your phone?
 Huh, yeah...
 Soo, I can come in?
 
 Well, that explains it. 
 Please don't be alarmed. I was told Ray Sutton lives here.
 But I expect he makes it home, once a month. That's what I thought. Where is he now? 
 I love it when they run!
 Thank you my love. 
 Kill this one quickly. 
 Ray? Ray Sutton?
 I've been looking everywhere for you. We started in Florida, Pensacola. I met a young chap there who you used to work with before you moved to Memphis, now he directed me to two lovely young women. And they led me here, to you.
 Not so fast mate. You only just got here, now your type are very hard to come by.
 You're swifty swift Ray! Yes! My friend here is a vampire. He compelled everybody in the bar so don't look to them for any help. I however, I'm something else, a different kind of monster. I've got some vampire, I've got some wolf.
 A hybrid Ray, I'm both. You see I want to create more of me. Now you being the first werewolf that I've come across in many a moon, pun intended Ray! I need you to direct me to your pack. So, where can I find them Ray?
 Oh, this is gonna be fun Ray.
 Well, thank you Claudine. You'll just tell your friends to keep up the good work or they're gonna watch her.
 He's getting closer, I'm gonna have to deal with that.
 Why should I let you leave?
 Do I?
 Ah, you sound so tedious and indentured. Aren't you even having the least bit of fun? (He points to Ray with a big smile.)
 Okay, it's a three step process, Ray. This is step one. I want you to drink from my wrist.
 Have you been listening to a word I've been saying, Ray? I have great plans for you.
 You'll thank me for it later, huh. There we go, attaboy!
 It's time for step two, Ray.
 You're back.
 Not for a second. I knew you'd pass the test. You still care for your brother, for your old life.
 You put on a good show Stefan. I almost believe you. Let's hope, for your brother's sake, he does. You never stop caring about family, do you? But, every time you feed, the blood makes it easier to let go.
 You okay? Is Ray getting heavy?
 You sure about that? You know, we've been walking for quite some time now. If you need some water or a little sit-down...
 So much brooding. Your self-loathing is suffocating you, my friend.
 Thanks to our pal Ray, we found ourselves a pack. There.
 The important question is who am I. Please forgive the intrusion. My name is Klaus.
 You've heard of me. Fantastic.
 It's fascinating, actually...A werewolf who isn't beholden to the moon, a vampire who doesn't burn in the sun. A true hybrid.
 Excellent timing, Ray. Very dramatic.
 Stefan?
 Doesn't take much, just a sip. Anyone? A boyfriend, a girlfriend, along for the ride?
 You!
 It's the new order, sweetheart. You join us, or you die.
 Wrong choice.
 She'll thank me for that later. Heh.
 Okay, who's next?
 There. Good as new. Now you relax, okay, mate? We're gonna need you when the rest of them wake up.
 Ah, he's through his transition. He should be feeling better soon.
 No, not slaves. Soldiers, comrades.
 Oh, you don't arm yourself after war has been declared, Stefan. You build your army so big that no one ever dares pick a fight.
 Well, it's not difficult to be loyal when you're on the winning team. That's something you'll learn once you shake that horribly depressive chip off your shoulder.
 You'll know why I'm keeping you around when I've decided that I want you to know.
 Something's wrong.
 Well, obviously.
 Lose the attitude.
 Derek, come feed your girlfriend.
 Go get him.
 Where did he go?
 A fatal werewolf bite. Ouch.
 Well, I tell you what. You find Ray, and then I'll heal you.
 You better hurry, 'cause that bite looks nasty.
 Bad news, my friend. End of the road for you.
 Careful, love. There's only one Alpha here.
 Bloody hell.
 They went rabid. Some of them, I killed. The others just...Bled out. In the end...They're all dead.
 
 You look like hell.
 It should have worked.
 Bottoms up. We're leaving. 
 Welcome back to Chicago, Stefan.
 I know how much you loved it here. Bringing back memories of the good old ripper days?
 Well, that is a crying shame. The details are what make it legend.
 Word was the ripper of Monterrey got lonely, so he escaped to the city for comfort. It was Prohibition. Everything was off limits then, which made everything so much fun.
 Chicago was magical.
 Going to get down to business, then?
 We're going to see my favorite witch. If anyone can help us with our hybrid problem, it's her.
 Looks familiar, doesn't it?
 So a hybrid walks into a bar, says to the bartender...
 Gloria's a very powerful witch.
 Stefan, why don't you go and fix us up a little something from behind the bar?
 You look ravishing, by the way.
 So what am I doing wrong? I broke the curse.
 Well, that would be the original witch. She's very dead.
 Rebekah. Rebekah is a bit preoccupied.
 Well, I told you, Stefan. Chicago's a magical place.
 You said it yourself  that time had a lot of dark holes.
 I'm a little busy right now. Memory Lane will have to wait.
 Let's just say we didn't get off to a brilliant start. To be honest, I hated you.
 It's late, Rebekah, we're leaving.
 So this is the famous Stefan Salvatore. I've been hearing so much about. You're right, he does have funny hair. I'm bored. I want to go.
 No, you're my sister, which means...You have to do as I say.
 If you can't handle it, then don't ask.
 Well, don't tell her that. Rebekah's temper is worse than mine.
 Time to wake up, little sister. Any day now, Rebekah.
 She's being dramatic.
 Well, you have many useful talents.
 In fact, I learned some of my favorite tricks from you.
 So Stefan, enlighten me. What makes you worthy of an Original like my sister? She's pure vampire and you're no more than a diluted bloodline.
 Well, let's see. Um...I killed most of them.
 Ooh!
 I was your number one fan.
 When she wakes up, tell her to meet us at Gloria's Bar. Then volunteer your carotid artery and let her feed until you die.
 You think I'm lying, Stefan. You and I knew each other. You trusted me with one of your secrets and now I'm going to prove it to you.
 We're going to your old apartment.
 What a charming little homestead. Do you feel that? Is anybody here?
 Your friend, Liam Grant, the one who drank his wife's blood...I never could figure out why you wanted his name. And then you told me your little secret. It was all part of your special little ritual.
 And relive the kill...over and over again.
 You believe me now?
 My favorite. Let's go and find someone to pair it with.
 She'll be here. I can't just conjure her on demand.
 What's with you? I thought Chicago was your playground.
 Well, that's certainly half of it.
 The other half, Stefan, is that you used to want to be my wingman.
 What? An abomination?
 Look at us. Two sad orphans.
 My sister fancies you, you know.
 But...I should warn you, Rebekah doesn't do anything half-speed, and that includes falling in love. So just be careful. She's totally mad.
 And when the point comes where she inevitably leaves you...She can't help it, it's just who she is. Don't let your heart do anything stupid.
 To friendship.
 All good things must come to an end.
 Rebekah! Come on, we've got to go, sweetheart.
 Go!
 Stefan. I'm sorry, but the fun has to end here.
 You must forget Rebekah and me. Until I say otherwise, you never knew us, Stefan. Thank you. I had forgotten what it was like to have a brother.
 It was time for Rebekah and I to move on. Better to have a clean slate.
 Storytime's over.
 I see they've opened the doors to the riff-raff now.
 You don't give up, do you?
 Well, I am torn. You see, I promised Stefan I wouldn't let you die, but how many freebies did I really sign up for? And clearly you want to die, otherwise you wouldn't be here, so...
 Oh, dear, what was that? I'm boozey, so you'll forgive me if I miss your heart the first few tries.
 Ohh! No, that's not it. Hmm.
 Ohh. Almost.
 You won't be any fun after you're dead.
 Really?
 You don't have to negotiate your brother's freedom. When I'm done with him, he won't want to go back.
 Rebekah...It's your big brother. Come out, come out, wherever you are.
 Hurry up, Rebekah. Let's go!
 Do you want to die? We've been found. We need to move.
 Stefan's not coming. We have to disappear. He'll draw too much attention. Let him go.
 Come on. We don't have time for one of your tantrums.
 Fine. Then choose. Him or me.
 That's what I thought. Get in the truck. Let's go.
 Don't pout. You knew it wouldn't kill me.
 I understand that you're upset with me, Rebekah...So I'm going to let that go. Just this once. Brought you a little peace offering. You can come in.
 Now you remember.
 Stefan.
 We are friends.
 And now the reason you're here. Gloria tells me you know how to contact the original witch.
 What do you have that Gloria needs?
 I don't know. I didn't touch it.
 Tell me that's not what she needs, Rebekah!
 There's not.
 You wore trousers so women today could wear nothing.
 Are we done?
 I needed one thing from you for my witch to find out why my hybrids are dying, one thing. Your necklace. And you lost it.
 Nice one. Good work.
 Tell me about it.
 She's failing.
 So dive.
 We can wait.
 You weren't kidding about being hungry.
 Try being related to her.
 It's been ninety years, Rebekah. Give him a minute.
 Because, my dear sister, I feel pity for any man who doesn't give you what you want.
 A thousand years of life experience says otherwise.
 To write a name on a wall. It's a long story.
 Gloria's gone. She's cleared out. We need to find a new witch immediately.
 What's going on?
 No need. I'm not mad, I'm just curious. Rebekah seems to think you're holding onto something. A piece of your old life. The thing is, she's got flawless instincts, borderline supernatural. So I thought I would check it out. See for myself what it is you've been hiding.
 Welcome back to Mystic Falls, Stefan.
 There's my girl.
 You are supposed to be dead. What are we going to do about that?
 You put a rather large kink in my plans, sweetheart. The whole point of breaking the curse and becoming a hybrid was to make more hybrids. I haven't been able to do that. Now my bet is, it has something to do with the fact that you're still breathing.
 Not until I know I'm right. But I do have ways of making you suffer.
 Attention, seniors. You have officially been busted. Prank night is over. Head on home.
 You two. I remember you.
 Oh, don't worry, I wasn't in my right head last time we met.
 Lift your foot up, please, Dana.
 If she drops her foot, Chad, I want you to beat her to death. Understood?
 Oh, come on, love. Of course I do.
 Keep it up.
 Stefan's on a time out.
 Ah, I was wondering when you'd show up. Now we can get started.
 Ah, Dana, why don't you relax? You and Chad sit tight.
 I assume you're the reason Elena's still walking around alive?
 Oh, there's no need for blame, love. Just your witchy interference seems to have caused some undesirable side effects. And since you caused the problem, I'm going to have you find the fix.
 I'd like you all to meet my sister Rebekah. Word of warning...She can be quite mean.
 I'm going to make this very simple...Every time I attempt to turn a werewolf into a vampire hybrid, they die during the transition. It's quite horrible, actually.
 I need you to find a way to save my hybrids, Bonnie. And for Tyler's sake...You better hurry.
 And if Bonnie's successful, he'll live through his transition. Go on, then. Go and fetch your grimoires and enchantments and what-not. I'll hold on to Elena...for safe-keeping.
 Enough, Rebekah. Take the wolf boy elsewhere, would you?
 Just ignore her. Petty little thing.
 Come to save your damsel, mate?
 Well, you broke that pledge once already.
 Fair enough. Let's drink on it. 
 She means nothing to you? Your lies just keep piling up.
 Your word doesn't mean much. I lived by your word all summer, during which time I never had to resort to this...
 Stop fighting.
 I didn't want to. All I wanted was your allegiance. Now I'm going to have to take it.
 You will do exactly as I say when I say it. You will not run, you will not hide, you will simply just obey.
 Now kill them. Ripper.
 It's always nice to see a vampire in his true element. The species has become such a broody lot.
 I invited him to the party, love. He's the one dancing on the table.
 What are you talking about?
 Well, well. More lies.
 Knock it off!
 Where's the necklace, sweetheart? Be honest.
 Katerina. Of course. Well, that's unfortunate. If we had the necklace it would make things a whole lot easier for your witch, but since we're doing this the hard way, let's put a clock on it, shall we?
 Twenty minutes. If Bonnie hasn't found a solution by then, I want you to feed again. Only this time, I want you to feed on Elena. You know you want to.
 No one leaves. If she tries to run, fracture her spine.
 I wouldn't be too sure about that.
 Given the choice, doppelgänger or a hybrid, I go hybrid every time.
 We've got to stop meeting like this.
 Now this is fascinating. I've never seen this before. The only thing stronger than your craving for blood is your love for this one girl. Why don't you turn it off?
 Come on. Your humanity is killing you. All the guilt must be exhausting. Turn it off.
 You're strong.
 But you're not that strong. Turn. It. Off.
 Turn it off!
 I fixed him. But I think a test is in order, don't you?
 Ripper...Perhaps you'd like a drink.. from the doppelgänger's neck?
 Well, the verdict's in. The original witch says the doppelgänger should be dead.
 No, I'm fairly certain it means the opposite.
 Call it a hunch...
 Elena's blood. Drink it.
 If he doesn't feed, he'll die anyway, love. Consider this an experiment. It's okay.
 There we go. Good boy.
 Well, that's a good sign.
 Seems so.
 Well, you know how much the original witch hated me. Do you honestly think I would do anything other than the opposite of what she says?
 Well, it makes sense if you think about it from her perspective. It was her fail-safe in case I ever broke the hybrid curse. The doppelgänger had to die in order for me to become a hybrid, but if she was dead...
 Leaving me alone for all time.
 What I want is to take my girl, take my hybrid the hell out of this one-pony town. You know, why don't you, uh, why don't you get the truck? I'll get Elena.
 Well, look who finally decided to show up to the party.
 Elena? Ah, she's making a donation to a greater cause.
 I'm afraid I can't let you interfere, mate.
 Oh, I would love to kill you, but I made a pledge to your brother, and unlike him, I keep my word. Although, you know what, thinking about it now, he probably doesn't care that much anymore.
 What do you know about Mikael?
 You're bluffing.
 Rebekah, let me have at it!
 Father will not like you handling the blade.
 He will find out. He always does.
 I cannot help it...he frightens me.
 Right. 
 Yes, go tend to dinner, and leave the blades to the men, little sister.
 
 On the contrary, Elijah...
 
 Father, it was nothing...
 Mother!!!
 Mother!!!
 The wolves! I am sorry, I'm so sorry!
 
 You will be alright! We will all be alright.
 
 Portland is fantastic. Once you get over all the whiny music and healthy looking people, it is literally a breeding ground for werewolves.
 What did you say to me?
 Well, first I want you to explain to me exactly what happened.
 I wanna see him. I want to see his rotting body for myself.
 If you are lying to me Stefan, your compulsion will expose you. So, answer with your life  Is what you are saying the truth?
 I wanna talk to Rebekah.
 Rebekah, love. What's this I hear about Mikael's tragic run in with the dagger?
 I'll be home soon.
 Good evening everyone! I wanna thank you for being here with me to celebrate! It's been a long time coming!
 I've been planning my father's funeral for a thousand years. Granted, in no version of it were any of these people invited, but you get the idea.
 Hm- now I reunite my family.
 None of that matters anymore. Mikael is gone. Bygones will be bygones. 
 Oh, be honest now, Stefan. Where is my sister?
 Well, it wouldn't be a party without the guest of honor, would it? Bring him to me.
 Oh, you want your freedom. Well, once he is dead and his weapon destroyed, you'll have your freedom. It'll be my pleasure to give it back.
 Your mother won't be a problem  I compelled her to go to church and pray for your friends.
 I want you to look around. There is Bonnie, there is Elena and Matt and there's your pretty little girlfriend Caroline. Epic dance was wrecked tonight and who came through with the party? You did. What a pal. But who are all these other people here?
 That's because I've invited a few dozen friends of my own. That's my friend Mindy...picked her up along the way in Kansas. Did you know that there's an entire bloodline of werewolves in the heartland? That's Tony from North Dakota and let's not forget the Seattle contingent.
 Well, they also love a good party. And they, like you, were sired by me. They wish to serve their master. So if anyone should so much as make a move against me, they may feel obligated to retaliate. You're free to warn your friends.
 Where's your date?
 Well, seems I have you to thank for Mikael's demise.
 Still I'm impressed. It's not easy for a human to dagger an Original.
 Right. Elijah. You seem nervous.
 Let's get straight to the point then, shall I, love? People have been after me for 1000 years. And I am always one step ahead. So whatever it is you're thinking of trying, go for it, give it your best shot. You won't succeed.
 Well, tell my visitor I'm on the brink of victory here.
 Then we mustn't keep him waiting. Move everyone out back. I'm gonna have a little chat with my dad. Tony, you know what to do.
 Hello, Mikael. Why don't you come in? Oh, that's right. I forgot you can't.
 Or I could watch my hybrids tear you limb from limb.
 True. But it'll make a hell of a party game. All I have to do is rub these two fingers together and they'll pounce.
 Go ahead. Kill her.
 I don't need them. I just need to be rid of you.
 I'm calling your bluff, father. Kill her.
 My whole life you've underestimated me. If you kill her you lose your leverage. So go ahead. Go on. Kill her. Come on, old man. Kill her. Kill her!!!
 He's earned his freedom.
 Thank you my friend. You no longer have to do as I say. You're free.
 You seem nervous.
 People have been after me for a thousand years and I'm always one step ahead  So whatever it is you're thinking of trying, go for it. Give it your best shot. You won't succeed.
 Ah you'd be smart to tell Damon to mind his manners tonight, because if I die, I've already ensured that he'll die along with me! Even in death my hybrids have their orders. So, you kill me you're killing him too.
 
 Stefan! Miss me already?
 Oh, I like to believe I'm a man of my word, more or less.
 Let bygones be bygones, trust me. Resentment get's old.
 No.
 What are you doing?
 I will kill you and everyone you've ever met!
 Don't mind me.
 I don't know what you are talking about. I just came down to my local pub to grab a drink with a mate.
 Get a round in, would you Tony?
 My sister seems to be missing. Need to sort that out.
 Truth is I've grown to rather like your little town. Think I might fancy a home here. Oh I imagine you're wondering how does this is affect you. The answer is  not in the slightest. As long as I get what I want and everyone behaves themselves you can go on living your little lives however you choose. You have my word.
 Well for starters, you can tell me where I might find Stefan.
 Well you see that is a shame.
 Your brother stole from me. I need him found so I can take back what's mine.
 Ha. Well this is me broadening the scope, sweetheart.
 I think it's about time we had a drink, don't you?
 Well, you've been so busy with all your plotting and scheming.
 Don't be so hard on yourself. Who could have guessed your own brother would betray you?
 Yeah, well she's fickle that one. And you say you have no idea of her whereabouts?
 Cheers mate!
 You know, we've actually got a lot in common, you and I.
 My family, the Originals. I had them daggered, boxed-up awaiting the day when I saw fit to wake them. And he went in and pinched the bloody lot.
 You know, your drink stinks of vervain- so I can't compel you. There be no point in killing you because your actually the one with the most help of getting me what I need. And yet it would seem a demonstration is in order. Perhaps I wasn't clear enough when I told you to find Stefan. Well, it seems you people respond best to displays of violence. Why don't you take this as an example of my reach.
 There he is! So, that thing I told you to do...why don't you go ahead and get on with it?
 Compel the men to open up this wall. We need sun. I want a fortress not a dungeon.
 Here he is  man of the hour!
 Tony ran down Alaric instead of Jeremy, but apples, oranges, message lands the same.
 And I did. An effective one! Elena's family suffers, she is motivated to get me what I want.
 Tyler, mate. What you are feeling is the remnant of a guilty conscience. I need you to get over it, okay? End of the day human life is just a means to an end. Our means to our end. You do well to remember that?
 I trust you have news of Stefan?
 My poor sister. I can't turn my back on her for a moment.
 The life of my sister in exchange for your brother? Yeah I'd say that's a bargain. Consider him spared.
 I can control Rebekah. Besides I still need your help finding Stefan.
 You're lying. Fortunately you have no shortage of loved ones. If I don't find my family the question you should be asking yourself is who's gonna die next! Bonnie? Caroline? Damon? It's only a matter of time before Stefan gives me what I want.
 Here we are, Rebekah. Home sweet home. Only took a thousand years...And to think I was counting on you being here with me. But that's all ruined now, isn't it?
 I'm so sorry.
 Sister...We'll meet again one day...
 Sweet dreams Rebekah. 
 I'm surprised you're still in town. I gave you your freedom, you could have gone anywhere.
 Well, if we're playing this game, then...I was here first.
 Yeah, well I kind of like having them around. You know, I'm hurt. I hoped that when I freed you, we'd pick up where we left off. But here you are, guzzling vervain like the rest of them, I'm sure. So much for friendship.
 Okay, granted, yeah, that was a little extreme, but I get a little moody. Just ask my siblings. Speaking of whom, isn't it time you handed them over?
 Hmm. You see, if you continue to threaten me, I'm gonna be forced to retaliate. Kill people. And it will get messy again.
 Well, maybe I'll be willing to lose one brother if it meant killing yours.
 Everything is fine, Mindy. Stefan was just leaving after failing to make his point.
 Just get rid of it. Burn it. I honestly don't care, Daniel.
 What happened is Stefan had two paths in front of him and he chose the one that made me angry. I need you to help me do something about that.
 What would be the point in that?
 Right, your, uh, your girlfriend. Um, about her...I need you to bite her.
 Don't make me repeat myself.
 Yeah. Yeah, I know exactly what it will do. Uh, Stefan pushed me too far, so I'm pushing back.
 Tyler, I've been supernaturally blessed with the good fortune of a sire bond to you. So, one could consider this me putting your undying loyalty to the test.
 All right. All right. I'm disappointed, but you know, it's your choice, free will and all that. I'll find another way to strike at Stefan. You can go now.
 You know Carol when I think of a mayor I think of an old fuddy-duddy, but you really have changed my perception!
 I mean you are just delightful! What color are your eyes?
 Oh yes, they are.
 Thank you very much, good to see you, Damon. Carol and I were discussing about whether you would be the other big benefactor.
 Oh, come now. Some would say that I saved it from all that nasty full moon business. I've never had to go through it myself more than twice, to be honest, but still, I'm very sympathetic.
 Well, I'd have no use for them if your brother would kindly return my family.
 That's what I thought, which is why I've come to an agreement with the Mayor. You and the Council stay out of my hair, I stay out of yours. Your town gets protected, my hybrids get left alone and everybody will be happy. All you have to do is to get Stefan to stop decapitating my friends.
 Oh come on mate. Give peace a chance.
 What now? You just pulled me away from a fascinating conversation about landscaping the Town Square.
 Well, he's getting desperate.
 Or what? Stefan would never dream of killing her.
 Well, crazy or not, that kind of love never dies. He's bluffing.
 Stefan, how nice to hear your voice.
 Well that's not gonna happen until I get my coffins back.
 I don't believe you Stefan. You won't kill her.
 
 You won't do it.
 Fine, I'll send them away. You win.
 
 Tyler came to see me. Poor boy, he seemed quiet distressed. He said Caroline had a terrible accident.
 I'm here to help, Matt. My blood will heal her. Please, ask the Sheriff to invite me inside.
 Just your support.
 
 That looks bad. My apologies, you're what's known as collateral damage. It's nothing personal. 
 Well you have to adjust your perception of time when you become a vampire, Caroline. Celebrate the fact that you're no longer bound by trivial human conventions. You're free.
 And I could let you die, if that's what you want. If you really believe your existence has no meaning. I thought about it myself, once or twice over the centuries, truth will be told. But I'll let you in on a little secret. There is a whole world out there, waiting for you. Great cities and art and music, genuine beauty. And you can have all of it. You can have a thousand more birthdays. All you have to do is ask.
 There you go, sweetheart. Have at it.
 Happy birthday Caroline.
 I figured out how to open it. Can you?
 Enjoying our stalemate.
 The question is what you want? My hybrids left town as you demanded, so please tell me what I need to do to get my family back.
 And you understand, that holding them indefinitely is the same thing as dropping them in the ocean?
 I can give you another chance. Just one more. Let's make a reasonable deal.
 
 How's life on the road?
 Boring. For now.
 There's no need. I've been making friends with the town civil servants. There's a deputy, obnoxiously chatty, but useful nonetheless. You're clear, what you need to do?
 What took you so long? Hiding behind your witchy friends. And in squalor, no less.
 Well, you know, the funny thing about witches is, that living or death, they care about their own. A hundred dead witches have a thousand living descendants...
 And I have no problem, killing every last one of them, if I don't get my coffins back. As we speak, my hybrid friend is prepared to end the Bennett line.
 Now...please...show me the coffins.
 Here we are. 
 What did you do?
 I will tear you, limb from limb. And only then, when you're a riving mass of blood and flesh, will I rip your heart from your chest.
 Not quite yet. I still have some unfinished business to take care of.
 Elijah!
 You look like you could do with a drink. And we have a lot to discuss, so shall we?
 Easy. I just finished renovating.
 You know you have every right to be mad at me. But I kept my word, I reunited you with our family.
 Don't make me do this to you again Elijah!
 Mikael is dead.
 I killed him. With his own weapon. He's gone Elijah. Forever.
 Because of Stefan Salvatore. He holds the one thing keeping me from freeing them. There are things that you do not know about our past, Elijah. Our mother's death. Things I never wanted you to know but I'm ready to tell you now. I only ask that you remember the oath of loyalty you once swore to me.
 Always and forever. I need you to stand by my side. Be my brother. Help me destroy Stefan and I promise you our family will be whole again.
 Damon. Stefan. Elijah tells me, you seek an audience. Very bold. Let's discuss the terms of our agreement like civilized men, shall we?
 Well, we can sit and eat or I can reach down your throats and pull out your insides. The choice is yours.
 You lost your appetite.
 That's the spirit. Isn't it nice? Four of us dining together? Such a treat. Is this what you had in mind when you pulled the dagger from my brother?
 Well, Elijah and I have had our share of quarrels over the century. But we always make it through.
 If you're referring to the fact that Rebekah knows I killed our mother, I've already come clean to Elijah.
 I'm sorry, you've missed so much. Ah, trouble in paradise.
 You're probably right.
 It's just the allure of the Petrova doppelgänger, still so strong. What do you say, brother? Should we tell them about Tatia?
 Well, given their shared affection for both Elena and Katerina, I think our guests might be curious to learn about the originator of the Petrova line.
 I'd say there was one who loved her at least as much.
 But in the end we realized the sacred bond of family.
 Family above all.
 I don't think you understand. Elena's doppelgänger blood insures that I will always have more hybrids to fight those that oppose me. I will never leave her behind.
 Let's say I do leave her here, under your protection, what then? How long before one of you turns her into a vampire? Or worse, how long before she dies caught between your feuding? You see, each one of you truly believes that you're the one that can protect her, and that is simply a delusion. Gentlemen, the worst thing for Elena Gilbert is...the two of you.
 All this talk has made me thirsty.
 What do you say Stefan? Can I interest you in a little after-dinner drink?
 Delicious. Aged to perfection.
 Oh no, you're doing that well enough on your own. Because of Elena, you're gonna lose your brother and you'll only have yourself to blame.
 Okay. I offer Elena's future happiness. You see, what she needs right now is to be rid of you lot. And to fall in love with a human, maybe that nice football player, you know the blond one?
 Yeah, why not? They'll marry, live a long and fruitful life, and pop out a perfect family.
 Consider it a small return on my investment in her well-being. See, after you hand me back the coffin, I'll ensure her safety for the rest of her natural life. You know it's what's best for her.
 So, what do you say Stefan, hmm? Do we have a deal?
 Now, bring me my coffin before I burn him alive.
 Go with him, brother. You keep him honest. And when you return, I will make good on my promise to you and I will hand over our family.
 You really have given up, haven't you? Where's the fight? Where's the ripper?
 Elijah...why haven't you left?
 What have you done?
 Kol.
 Finn, don't!
 Rebekah!
 I wanted it to be for all of us. A place we could all call home. A place we could all be a family. None of us would ever have to be alone again.
 If you run, I will hunt all of you down.
 
 You're here to kill me.
 You went after Elena? What is wrong with you?!
 Do you want another dagger in your heart?
 Oh, go back to staring at yourself.
 No, Kol, but you're in my house.
 Rebekah wasn't even out of her box a day before she tried to ruin my life. What happened to peace, acceptance, family?
 So it's a crime to want our family to be as we were?
 I just don't understand. I killed you, and still you forgive me.
 
 Good evening.
 I'm glad you came.
 I heard about your father.
 Very well. On to more mannered subjects then, like how ravishing you look in that dress.
 And the bracelet I gave you, what's your excuse for wearing that? You know, you're quite the dancer.
 I know.
 You like horses?
 I fancy you. Is that so hard to believe?
 Why? You're beautiful, you're strong, you're full of light. I enjoy you.
 But I thought you two ended things.
 So you aren't spoken for. You know, horses are the opposite of people. They're loyal. My father hunted me for a thousand years and the closest he ever came was the day he killed my favorite horse. He severed its neck with a sword as a warning.
 Well, I'm afraid my relationship with my father was a little bit more complex than yours.
 One of my passions.
 
 Well, that's a long story. But rest assured it was worn by a princess almost as beautiful as you.
 Yeah, um...actually one of my landscapes is hanging at the Hermitage, not that anyone would notice. Have you been?
 I'll take you. Wherever you want Rome. Paris. Tokyo?
 You're making assumptions.
 You know, this has been a fun evening, but I think it's time for you to leave.
 I didn't say anything.
 What are you waiting for? Go on, have at it.
 Okay. Why not? I didn't have nearly enough to drink last night, what with you trying to murder Rebekah's date.
 Oh come on now. Let's not go blaming the new family in town just because you lot have got yourselves a killer at large. Don't mind us. My brother and I are just here to let off some steam, right Kol?
 Say another word and I'll tear out your liver. Caroline!
 Join us for a drink?
 Isn't she stunning?
 I'll take that as a challenge.
 Caroline!
 Don't be angry, love. We had a little spat. I'm over it already.
 How can I quit myself?
 Oh, come on, take a chance, Caroline. Talk to me.
 Come on, get to know me. I dare you.
 I want to talk about you. Your hopes, your dreams, everything you want in life.
 Well, that's why I like you.
 What did you do?
 What did you do?!
 Kol!
 I should have killed you months ago.
 What did you say about my mother?
 What did mother do? What did she do, Elijah?
 Enough. All this talk is boring me. End this now, Mother, or I'll send you back to Hell.
 I thought you'd have gone by now. Elijah's leaving. Kol's fled. Esther and Finn are gone too.
 Well, aren't we a pair.
 Come to brag about your skills as a torturer?
 What is it?
 And? We burned that tree to the ground.
 This can't be right.
 Hello Finn.
 Well, I'm not here to chat. I will ask you one time though, where's our mother?
 Well, how fortunate that I found you, I require your assistance.
 Right, well, that's the thing; you see you won't be able to see me dead, because if I die, then you die. So, wish unfulfilled, I'm afraid.
 Why? Why not come bother my big brother? I need you to accompany me back to Mystic Falls, I have a witch there who can help undo Esther's spell that linked us together.
 Again with the wishes. Let me rephrase, you will come back with me or I will put you back in that coffin in which you rotted for 900 years.
 Wouldn't be the first time.
 Oh yeah, that's right, you've got a death wish. Fine, pathetic, but fine. The thing is, I'm not gonna let you take the rest of us down with you.
 Oh, I most likely could, but why force when I can persuade?
 It does occasionally have its uses.
 Easier than torturing him.
 Just your blood and your blessing. Where are you going?
 Well, look what you've caught. Trying to bleed him of vervain, don't you think it would be easier to hang him upside down?
 Well, excuse me, it's not like I have any expertise in the matter.
 Tick tock. I should hear chanting by now.
 You've been warned. If you're looking for a way to send for help, I will kill anyone who comes to your rescue.
 Then you should have a little more faith in yourself, Bonnie. 
 Kol. How's the weather up there in Mile High City? And how's our friend? May I see him?
 There's Jeremy, playing fetch with his new puppy. Oh, isn't that just the most adorable thing you've ever seen? 
 I wouldn't let it bother you, love.
 You're being emotional, Bonnie. I understand that things have been rough for you. You know, with your mother leaving. Again. It's very sad. I can help you find her, if you want. I have people who can find people who can bring her back to you. Or, if you choose I can just bring parts of her back. 
 Elijah. Rebekah. Kol. Finn.
 Where do you want this?
 Sister. Be nice.
 Yeah, you'll have to excuse the mess. Apparently Damon hurt her feelings. Go on, help him. Save the man who turned your mother into a vampire.
 Very well.
 Oh good, a hero. What do you want?
 And how do I know there aren't any more left?
 Let's be certain, shall we?
 Leave.
 Go on. Leave.
 I said, go home.
 Alright, stop, stop, stop, before you hurt yourself. Well, seeing that he can finally be compelled. Now.
 Minus the stake that's in my brother, how many more stakes are out there that can kill me?
 Eleven! Really? So, not eight then.
 Yeah, that'll be nice. Or since you lied, maybe I'll just compel your brother to chew out his own tongue.
 What is wrong with you?! Do you really have no appreciation for me? I have given you someone to hate, to loathe, a target for all of your anger; so you don't have to turn it on yourself. I have given your life purpose, as your friend. 
 Step down, or you both die.
 There. Now you only have to get me the other two.
 What are you doing?
 Bring us the stakes. All of them. Or I will wage a war against everyone you love. I hope I'm being clear.
 Good riddance. He was an embarrassment, Rebekah.
 Fine. Let's all say a prayer for Finn, who slept in a box longer than he lived as a man. He was a lovesick fool. He's better off in death.
 Well, you let the Salvatores loose with two stakes that can kill us, so I guess we'll find out soon enough. And since when did you have a soft spot for them?
 I wanted a family. They just didn't want me, and now we're unlinked we're no longer responsible for each other.
 As soon as I get my stakes, I'm gone. I'm gonna take Elena and use her blood to create a new family. Of hybrids.
 Then you're just as pathetic as Finn.
 Well, this is depressing, isn't it?
 Oh, and I found this 
 Why? Because we're waiting for that one to pass out? 
 I can live with that.
 So, the fate of the entire vampire race depends on you finding a stake? And to get it we need you to pass out. Which means that I feel totally justified doing this.
 There. Sleeping like a baby.
 What's going on?
 That wasn't too hard, was it?
 That's a little gratuitous, don't you think, Stefan? I would have been more gentle.
 And then there was one. I know about your brother's little mission to Denver. He failed. Not that that's news anymore.
 I haven't actually decided yet.
 You know something, you're right. You see, I'm still waiting for my old friend to come back. By the looks of it, he's just beneath the surface. Waiting to come out and play. Isn't that right, Ripper?
 What took you so long?
 That's it?
 Pack your bags, we're leaving.
 Why not? There's nothing keeping us here. We'll grab the doppelgänger and be off by sunset.
 So?
 I'm not going to any dance.
 That means nothing to me.
 Okay, fine. One last hoorah.
 Where've you been mate?
 That's funny, I don't recall giving you permission to leave in the first place. You don't mind if I cut in, do you?
 I don't have to prove anything, love. I am the alpha male. Come on, one dance, I won't bite.
 You would've loved the 1920s, Caroline. The girls were reckless, sexy, fun. They literally used to dance until they dropped.
 You should be nicer to me. I'm leaving town tomorrow. I'd invite you to come with me but we both know you're not ready to accept my offer. Perhaps one day, in a year, or even in a century you'll turn up at my door and let me show you what the world has to offer.
 You mark my words. A small town boy, a small town life, it won't be enough for you.
 Rebekah, call me back immediately! I only came to this ridiculous dance because you begged me to and now you're nowhere to be found.
 What is this?
 What's taking so long?! All boundary spells have a loop hole.
 Suicide would be disappointing me! Now work your magic, witch, or I'll start killing people you fancy.
 Not until you get us out of here.
 Let's cut the dramatics and begin, shall we?
 Esther couldn't possibly have this much power. Unless she's channelling something.
 Get the humans ready. I know where she is.
 You know this is your fault. You set us on this path when you released my mother. I wonder if revenge will prove worth the cost.
 We're strange bedfellows, you and I. You know, all of this, reminds me of our time together in the Twenties.
 Well, there were moments. Real friendship. Brotherhood.
 Oh no, of course, the Salvatores. And their unshakeable bond. I wonder what'll happen when Elena finally makes her choice. Will we see you shake just a little bit?
 Your trap failed, mother. I live and I will go on living. Let your beloved spirits try to preserve you again, I dare you to come after me! I will build an army so big, no one will ever touch me. My survival will haunt you through eternity. You will never destroy me!
 Alaric Saltzman is supposed to be dead.
 Where is he now?
 Fine. I'll collect Elena, we'll be on our way.
 What I need is protection from Esther's continued assaults against us.
 I'm not leaving without her.
 Now is that any way to treat a guest?
 Well, for starters, young Jeremy here could show some manners and invite me inside.
 Hm, poor lad. Loses one questionable father figure only to be replaced by the likes of the two of you.
 Oh, I know all about my mother's invulnerable little creation and that's why I'm here. I'm leaving town, just need to pick up a few road trip necessities. Spare tire, flashlight, doppelgänger.
 I think you're probably gonna want to let me in!
 Come outside and make me.
 Now, I know you're not asking me to walk into a certain death.
 Okay, how about Damon sneaks in and distracts Alaric, while Stefan grabs Elena and carries her to safety?
 Nothing.
 If and might? Your words inspire such confidence.
 Just so we're clear, the sun sets in about eight hours. If we don't succeed before then, Elena will be dead, I'll be gone, and the rest of you will be left to fend for yourselves.
 Good. Perhaps this plan won't be an epic failure after all. You know, if this does go off and we drop the history teacher in the Atlantic, I'm still leaving with Elena.
 Really? What's the catch?
 And that is what makes you her better option. It's a shame it's not easier for Elena to see that, I mean, personally, I think she's wasting her time with Damon.
 
 Look at this, one big, happy family.
 Before we all walk through these doors, let's get on the same page, shall we? I was the one who created your vampire bloodline, therefore I am responsible for your lives and Tyler's life, Caroline's life, and of course, Abby's life, should anything go wrong.
 I'm not lying. But go ahead, call my bluff, let the teacher kill me. You'll all be dead soon thereafter.
 
 
 Do you understand me?
 Draining you of all your blood.
 He can't. He needs to go fetch me more empty blood bags. About three liters' worth, please Tyler.
 No, Tyler, get the bags.
 Forget the girl and get the bags. Now.
 Yes, but don't worry, it'll be completely painless. As the last drop is drawn, you'll simply fall asleep.
 These last few liters will have to suffice. You see, by attempting to kill us, my mother strengthened the bond between my siblings and I. I don't need hybrids. I have my family.
 You know Stefan blames me for trying to tear him from his brother, but I think we both know who really came between them. You. That's why you won't choose. You know once you pick a Salvatore, you'll destroy their bond.
 Consider this me doing you a favor. Once you're dead, you won't have to choose. No broken hearts. Their family stays intact. But just between us girls, who would you have picked?
 You're welcome. Sweet dreams, Elena. It's been fun.
 So much for that sire bond.
 How did you break the sire bond?
 That's impossible.
 You know, you should be thanking me. I gave you a gift. I took away your misery.
 Goodbye, Tyler.
 I must say you really did that spell brilliantly. I didn't think you had it in you.
 The spirits won't be happy with you.
 It's beautiful, isn't it?
 Yes, when I assumed I'd be a pile of ash. But apparently, fate and oxygen intervened and there I am.
 Put me back.
 Your history teacher outed Tyler and Caroline to the Council. They're on a war path and this body's vulnerable.
 Elena's dead and no longer my concern.
 And you're forgetting that I could rip your tongue out. Now put me back.
 Same rules apply. No one knows. No one. Do you understand me, Bonnie?
 Ah, you incessant woman!
 Hey, mom. What's up?
 Fine. Why? What's going on?
 Mom, I'm okay. Relax.
 Why? What happened to Caroline?
 What do you mean they took her?
 I'm harder to kill than you think.
 No time. Come on, we've got to go.
 Keep 'em busy, little sister!
 This is going to sound incredible, but I....
 But...
 Easy, love. Wrong time. Wrong place. Wrong equipment.
 I don't know, love. Did I?
 That's what I enjoy about you. So much more than a pretty face.
 And you're a glorious kisser.
 Listen, I didn't have to risk exposure to come save you.
 Your mouth was all over me. I was an innocent victim.
 Gladly. Then maybe I'll take you up on your offer of hot hybrid sex.
 You were strong enough to put me in here. Surely, you're strong enough to get me out.
 Bonnie, do the bloody spell!
 Ripping Tyler's heart out. I'll jump into someone else. 
 What makes you think I don't have one? Or ten? Pick, Bonnie! You or Tyler!
 Good. Let's begin.
 "Hello brother. Thought you were dead. So pleased you're not!"
 I only had time to save one of you and you can't be killed. Rest assured, I had a worse day than you. I think it's time for us to move on; find some more werewolves.
 Well, I know how easily they can be silenced with a dagger.
 
 Drop them.
 Put the blood down, Rebekah. There's a good girl.
 
 You know something, Rebekah, you're right. I don't care. From this moment on; you're not my family, you're not my sister, you are nothing.
 Not exactly.
 I was halfway to Chicago when I heard you were attacked. I had hoped to leave Mystic Falls for good, but duty calls.
 I don't. I should have killed you for the little stunt you and your friends pulled. Stopping my heart, leaving me in a coffin to rot.
 Not even close. But, you hybrids are a dying breed. I can't make more of you, and I won't have anyone taking liberties with the ones I have left.
 Consider them your new bodyguards.
 You're a new face.
 
 So, you're a friend of Tyler's? That's strange, he's never mentioned you.
 And I think I know why.
 
 Oh, she had to run, but don't worry, I had her take the back door so Caroline wouldn't see.
 I don't know anything, but I've put together a pretty convincing picture. 
 You went off to the Appalachians to break my sire-bond. There, you met a pack of werewolves, begged them for help. Among them was a girl. She was gorgeous, with the same animal instincts as you. Emotions ran high, inhibitions ran low 
 
 
 Hello, Damon.
 Tyler's otherwise occupied, making big decisions about honesty and whatnot. Is there anything I can do?
 He wouldn't. I, however...
 Hello, mate.
 Well, let's not be too hasty. I feel like we're just getting to know each other!
 
 What do you mean, tattoos?
 There's more to you than meets the eye, isn't there?
 Nice try, but I'm faster than your average vampire.
 You're one of the Five.
 I did. And for future reference, one voicemail is just as effective as nine.
 What's wrong, love?
 And what would you have done if I were no longer here? Hm? If you and your friends had succeeded in ridding the world of me? Let's play that game for a moment, shall we?
 
 Her, on the other hand...
 Yes. There we go.
 Congratulations, you just became worth more to me alive than dead.
 You don't know your own history?
 Well, let's just say, it's made you the most well-protected vampire hunter in town.
 You're trying too hard.
 Well I was 
 Things change Rebekah. I've stumbled upon something I think might be of interest to you.
 No? Well, what if I told you the brotherhood of The Five still existed.
 You see, and like that bygones. Come on love, work to do.
 As you wish.
 Looks like I'll have to beef up the hybrid security detail.
 It's from the Inquisition. I thought it was a nice touch.
 Not enough. He's mum about the Council fire and he's not saying anything about this greater evil we're all supposed to be shivering over. What brings you snooping?
 
 Thankfully, I know plenty.
 Shall we?
 So, what's with the home invasion?
 I was feeling benevolent.
 So many questions.
 Fine. You might actually be useful in persuading my sister to cooperate.
 The brotherhood of the Five was a group of highly skilled vampire hunters. We crossed paths with them in the 12th century Italy.
 
 
 He is nothing. I could eat him for sport.
 I welcome such infamy, but if you're worried about discretion, perhaps you should wrangle our sister.
 Apparently. Though our friend in the other room is the first I've seen since then. Kind of makes you wonder what they've been up to all these years.
 Oh, she didn't just have a thing. She fell in love with him. He told her all his secrets. Which I will gladly share with you provided you do one thing for me.
 Get Rebekah over here. She's being stubborn and hateful. I need to make peace with her. 
 Just get her here and I'll tell you. Oh, and Stefan, trust me when I say this; that hunter in there holds the answer to all your prayers.
 You feeling alright, mate? Are the shackles too tight? Welcome home, sister.
 Oh, the tattoos aren't visible on this lot like they were on the last. Let's eat.
 Thank you, my lovely.
 I could kiss the Council for burning up all the vervain in town. They made my life so much easier. Rebekah, love, eat your veggies.
 For which indiscretion? There have been so many.
 You threw away Elena's blood so I can't make any more hybrids.
 That's what big brothers do, sweetheart!
 Alright, fine. I'm sorry. I often forget how delicate you are. Forgive me?
 Right, Alexander. Nice chap foregoing the obvious issues.
 
 And how do you hope to achieve this?
 Rebekah, love, don't get ahead of the story.
 Not quite yet, because in order to find this weapon, we need to solve the puzzle. Which seems to have disappeared.
 A map. Leading us to its treasure.
 We can't, but someone else can. 
 You see, the hunter was so eager to get to the bottom of his mystery tattoos that he mentioned there was only one other person that can see them.
 I wouldn't. Lucky for us, young Jeremy here, is a bit of an artist.
 Oh, I'm afraid you are.
 My sister's suitor was unwilling to tell us anything. Rebekah, however, was more than willing to investigate. Isn't that right?
 My sister's boyfriend threw a slumber party that night. He and his brothers put us all down in our sleep. Elijah, Kol, Finn, and me.
 
 
 Ask him.
 Only, he cannot answer, because I have ripped out his tongue. Along with the rest of them.
 But you should have. Your only family was nearly wiped out, because of your stupidity. What did he promise you?
 He would not have made a move unless he knew you were vulnerable. You trusted him, over me! What did he promise you?
 What did he promise you?!
 Tell me, Rebekah!!
 Go ahead, Rebekah. Tell him. Tell him what the hunter told you the tattoo leads to. What is this great weapon that could bring about the end of the vampire species?
 Because when the hunters drew their final breath that night, the marks disappeared from their body, the map was gone, the brotherhood of the Five extinct. For nine hundred years, there was not a whisper of another hunter, until our friend in there showed up in town.
 We don't do anything. You can't be trusted, little sister. You'll be blabbing this secret to the first boy who calls you pretty. I mean, it's pathetic, really, isn't it? How she continues to hand her heart to any man who shows her a hint of affection. You'd think she would have learned by now from the endless cycle of disappointment and deception.
 No, Finn was a dullard. He was more interesting lying in a box.
 She never would have told me what I needed to know. But she'll tell you.
 The map is useless without the tool to decipher it.
 She knows where it is. And you're gonna get her to tell you. You have a chance to save Elena from the very thing that is going to destroy her. You can call it a deal with the devil, if you like. But you know you won't walk away from it.
 Nice lines. Now, if you could just hurry it up a little bit.
 What is this?
 I've seen the tattoo, you impertinent punk. There's more to it.
 Nate!
 Tell the girl to take Jeremy home. 
 I'm sorry, little sister, but you're right.
 You really are a hopeless fool.
 I have a plane waiting. I'll get the sword. My hybrids will keep an eye on Connor. You put Rebekah somewhere where no one will find her and make sure Jeremy forgets everything he heard today.
 No one must know about the cure, do you understand? Not Damon. Not Elena. Nobody. If this gets out, it could mean all our deaths. So, if you tell anyone, I'll erase each and every memory from the lot of you...
 It's just you and me in this, Stefan. Some secrets are stronger than family.
 I'd blame my numbing incompetence, but pointing fingers isn't going to help me, you're going to help me.
 Think, Stefan. He took the hybrid's head which means he wants werewolf toxin.
 Which is a pity, as I'm half the world away digging up a dead hunter, you'll have no access to my blood and therefore, the antidote. Nevertheless, his tattoo is our only map to the cure, so your task is quite simple; find him, catch him, and above all, keep him alive. He's no good to us dead.
 You'll need to keep Damon in check.
 You trust Damon with the cure? I imagine he prefers Elena the way she is.
 And I trust no one. Which is why my sister is lying daggered in a box. The more who find out about the cure, the more who will go after it. Nations have gone to war over less. You mark my words, tell one soul and I will throw the hunter's sword in the Mediterranean and we can end this quest right now. Am I understood?
 You expect me to care about bloody hostages?
 Hello.
 Tyler! I hope you're not causing problems.
 Fair enough. Although I do happen to know your little secret about your time in Appalachia. 
 I'm sorry, mate. Are you going to answer or should I just assume you're back to being...how did you phrase it? Ah, yes, my little bitch.
 
 Well, don't let me interrupt.
 Clearly.
 I just popped round to celebrate Dean's successful retrieval of the vampire hunter. Yet when I arrived, I learnt that not only was Dean unsuccessful, but that Elena killed the hunter.
 Maybe you should mind your business, wolf girl.
 I have my reasons. They've ceased to matter. Cheers.
 Caroline.
 By the break-up drama unfolding before me I assume you've met Hayley. 
 I think you've got more important things to deal with, mate.
 Well, I can't imagine why, what with you ruining all my plans for a hybrid filled future.
 Well, life's full of ifs, Stefan. But let's accentuate the positives, shall we? The hunter was one of five; we'll find another. It may take centuries, but we've got nothing but time, right?
 Not you, if that's what you're worried about. But I am concerned about your beloved. Have the hallucinations started yet?
 I'll tell you. Where are you?
 How convenient, so am I.
 You know, this would all be a lot more civilized if I was just invited inside.
 I killed the original five hunters, remember? When one kills a hunter, there's a bit of a consequence.
 The hunters were spelled by witches to kill vampires; if you prevent one from fulfilling his destiny then he'll take you down with him.
 I mean, Connor's death won't prevent him from making Elena his final vampire kill. She'll need to come with me now. I'll lock her up, keep her away from any sharp wooden objects.
 Well, if we leave her alone, she'll take her own life before the day is out.
 Is she? Believe me, it's for her own good.
 Certainly. 
 Oh, but you'll want to. I did. Problem is, I'm immortal.
 Yes, I did. For fifty-two years, four months, and nine days. I was tormented, in my dreams, my every waking moment, relentless, never-ending torture. It was the only period of my life when I actually felt time.
 All he knew was that the hunter had to be kept alive. You should have listened to him when he said he had it covered, love.
 Well, that's one of life's little mysteries, isn't it?
 I didn't. Eventually it just stopped. The hallucinations tend to appear in strange forms.
 Don't say I didn't warn you.
 Caroline. To what do I owe the pleasure?
 Ah, they sent you to sweet talk me. Well, good form, but I'm afraid I can't do it.
 She needs my help.
 Look, I'm not gonna burden you with the gory details, I know you have enough on your plate already.
 Yes, well, just know that if Tyler was still sired to me he never would have hurt you.
 I wouldn't have let him. Can I at least offer you a drink?
 You don't say.
 Caroline, you're beautiful, but if you don't stop talking, I will kill you.
 Okay, you have ten seconds to tell me.
 Going somewhere?
 When I said don't let her out of your sight, what did you think I meant?
 Then maybe you should be the one to die for it.
 
 Don't tempt me, little wolf.
 Your existence is to serve me. To please me. Do you understand?
 No, you won't. 
 In what world do the words "tell no one" mean tell your brother and every teenage sycophant in town?
 Well then, I suggest you find some more vampires for Jeremy to kill before I'm tempted to offer you up as a victim.
 And try and keep this one to yourself, would you?
 Now, how did I know I'd find you at the helm of the ship?
 I was wondering what time I should pick you up tomorrow.
 I was promised a date in return for one of my hybrids.
 Well, surely the reigning Miss Mystic Falls won't be hosting the party alone.
 And I assume you're not taking Tyler. Not after his indiscretions with his lady werewolf friend.
 I'll see you tomorrow, Caroline.
 And how am I doing?
 They didn't waste any time, did they?
 Easy, love, you're making a scene.
 Let's get you a drink. I'll tell you all about being the bad guy.
 So, being a vampire's changed her?
 It's very peculiar.
 It'll all make sense eventually.
 I'm working on it.
 Now, why would I want to cure myself of being the most powerful creature on the planet? Hm?
 How about you?
 Life used to be a lot easier.
 Don't you miss the days of being...
 "Chair of the Mystic Falls Beautification Committee" and the "Director of the Policeman's Yearly Raffle."
 "When I am chosen I intend to redefine excellence."
 Now, I'm really enjoying your use of when here. It's very confident.
 "And above all, I promise to aspire, inspire, and perspire.."
 Obviously, we found a shortage of words ending in "spire".
 I never answered your question; if I ever thought about being human. Once, I was on a trek in the Andies, and a hummingbird flew up to me. It just hovered there, staring at me, its tiny heart was pattering like a machine gun. And I thought, what a thing, you know, to have to work that hard every day just to stay alive. To be constantly on the verge of death and how satisfying every day must be that it survived. And that was the only time I thought about being human.
 I prefer to think of it as an expression of postmodernism. It's my donation to the Winter Wonderland charity event.
 Yes, take this to the Mystic Grill immediately.
 What I want is for you to do whatever I say. Without the attitude.
 And be careful with that. It's still wet.
 What is the point of my hybrids being sired to me if I can't maximize on the benefits of free labour? What are you doing here?
 I intuited as much.
 I've delivered.
 I retrieved the Hunter's sword from Italy which we'll use to decipher the map hidden in the Hunter's mark. You're the one who is supposed to deliver the Hunter and his mark.
 Sounds like quite the chore. Which is why I feel perfectly justified doing a little charity work.
 Why would I lie to you, Stefan?
 We're in this together.
 The hilt acts as a cipher which we'll use to decode the marks on Jeremy's tattoo when he's killed enough vampires to complete it.]
 I heard you moved out of your house.
 Bit of a martyr move, hm?
 Oh, on the contrary, I think right now I'm the best friend you've got.
 Dickens was a dark man. You would have liked him.
 Is my work really that literal?
 I'm gonna take that as a compliment. Can I offer you some champagne?
 Well, then it's a good thing the high school part is nearly over.
 Is that our thing?
 Allow me.
 She doesn't like me much. Where have you been all day?
 I'm not interested in vagary, Stefan. You've been dodgy and Caroline's been lovely, which I've come to recognize as a tool of distraction, now, do you have something to share with me or should I compel it out of you?
 Why?
 I showed you the sword. I explained its value. I've been on your side the entire time. What do you want from me? A secret brotherhood handshake?
 Well, is keeping my victims' letters really so different from writing their names on a wall? Like you did, Ripper?
 Loneliness, Stefan.
 That's why you and I memorialize our dead. There's the briefest of moments before we kill where we literally hold their life in our hands and then we rip it away. And we're left with nothing. So, gathering other peoples' letters or writing their names on a wall is a reminder that in the end we're left infinitely and utterly alone.
 Where is Tyler Lockwood?
 You'd do well to answer me, love.
 Where is he?!
 Wrong answer.
 Good evening, Carol. You're looking for Tyler. I'd like to have a word with him myself.
 And you're all he has. There's a beautiful symmetry to that, don't you think?
 I'm sorry. Did I interrupt play time?
 I'm simply appreciating the sights and smells of nature, neither of which presently include rotting vampire flesh, so I'm a bit concerned. How many vampires has he killed?
 Yeah, see, that's not a number. Twelve. That's a number. That's how many of my hybrids I slaughtered with my sword. Three. That's how many days it took to quell the urge to kill your brother after he knowingly watched as I walked into a death trap. One. That's the number of purposes you serve. You are here to grow Jeremy's mark, so I'll ask again...How many vampires has he killed since he's been here?
 That's a pity. I'm going to need that cure sooner rather than later. Hybrid shortage and all. How can I help?
 You know, if you adjust your angle a little bit, you'll find a sharper edge.
 Actually, I'm just perplexed as to why Jeremy hasn't killed any vampires.
 And here was I, thinking you were the fun brother! Let's play a little game, shall we? Jeremy needs more victims, and there's a whole town of people down the road, just waiting to be turned into vampires for the slaughter.
 Tragedy is, Damon, it did occur to you, and yet you chose to ignore it. My guess is you did it to impress Elena. Somehow, to honor her, you will find a way to spare innocent lives and walk Jeremy down the moral high road.
 That's why I've already made the necessary corrections.
 I was beginning to worry you boys wouldn't find the place.
 Not exactly. They're in transition. 
 What makes you think you have a choice?
 Enough! Have at it, or else.
 
 I'm gonna give you a two-minute head start. Then I'm gonna send every vampire in here after you. You kill them, or they kill your friend...Matt.
 I'm taking artistic license.
 With you as his coach, he'll be fine. It's Matt I'm worried about.
 
 A bit ironic, you coming to me for help. Weren't your friends just trying to bury me in a cement tomb?
 And now my little brat of a brother has gone and made things worse. Well, he never did like Damon. I suppose I should do something, shouldn't I?
 You are in no position to make demands, love. Whilst I'd like to cure you to make more hybrids, I do have other reasons for finding the cure, not the least of which is destroying it so you lot can't use it against me.
 Little brother. Just two days home, and I'm told you've already gone and made a mess.
 Those vampires were for my hunter.
 Where's Damon Salvatore?
 Yes. Well, you've had your fun. Now let him go and come home. Avoid any more trouble, or you'll find yourself back in a box.
 On the contrary, I find nastiness to be essential whenever my siblings try to sabotage me. Listen closely, Kol. Stay away from the Gilbert boy. You understand?
 Enough of this foolishness. Put it down, Kol.
 Well, then, I think you need a lesson in how to properly dagger a sibling.
 Good evening, Gilbert clan.
 I've come to fetch my hunter. Seeing as how my brother's become a liability, Jeremy will be safer with me.
 You think you're safer here? Hmm. Clearly you don't know Kol. He'll stop at nothing to get what he wants, so strange as it may seem, I'm your best bet.
 Fine. But when Kol does come-and he will come-be sure to let me know, preferably before he burns your nice little home to the ground. And as for you, hunter, there's no shortage of people to turn or loved ones to threaten, so sleep well. We'll plan on finishing our work tomorrow. 
 Leaving so soon?
 Well, I apologize for breaking up this sordid little tryst, but I do have some urgent business. Or have you forgotten – our paranoid brother Kol is running around with the white oak stake and homicide on the brain?
 Yes, well, unfortunately he seems to have absconded with my set of daggers.
 Kol's irrational fear of Silas has pushed him over the edge. We need to put him down before he does any more damage. Now, I know you have the last dagger, and I know you have some white ash, so hand it over.
 I need that dagger, Stefan. Talk some sense into her.
 You see? That's my point exactly. If you let Kol roam free, then Jeremy won't live to see his junior prom, and we can kiss our map to the cure goodbye. But if you help me dagger Kol, Damon will be uncompelled, Jeremy will live, and we'll all be on our merry way to a human Elena.
 Hello, mate.
 Babysitting.
 You sure about that? 'Cause I saw him trying to sneak out of Rebekah's bed this morning, which would suggest to me that he's moved on.
 You know, none of this would be an issue if you'd have just done your job properly. I was perfectly willing to let you train Jeremy.
 And then when I turned a room full of barflies into vampires for him to slaughter, you let Kol kill them.
 And whose bright idea was it to saddle Jeremy with a conscience, hmm?
 Ah, yes, for the love of Elena. How is it that she manages to overlook every horrific thing you've ever done? Is it willful ignorance, or perhaps something more pathological?
 
 You've done worse.
 Debatable.
 Your brother's lack of communication is infuriating.
 I don't understand what's taking so long. I mean, how hard is it to steal a dagger?
 You disappoint me, Damon. You're not trying very hard to get out of here. I expected more the daring escape artist, less the cell potato.
 How do you think Elena felt about that, by the way? Your inability to overcome Kol's compulsion for a single moment even though it meant saving the person she loves most in the world?
 Still, must be hard trying to live up to Stefan. I remember when I compelled him to feed off Elena. He fought it so hard, he actually managed to resist. Now, that's love.
 I know that you're in love with Elena. But I think you're afraid of what might happen when we find the cure at the end of the rainbow. Personally, I don't see a fairytale ending for you. All I see is Stefan and Elena. I think you see the same thing.
 Well, if it isn't the happy homicidal maniac.
 What?
 I don't know what you're talking about.
 What the hell's going on?
 What are Stefan and Elena planning?
 Tell me what you know.
 Stay here till I return.
 What did you do?
 Lies! He never would've gotten inside if you hadn't have set a trap for him.
 
 You really think I care for an instant about my bloody hybrids? I want the cure so I can destoy it. I would've killed you all the second we dug it up, but now I'm just gonna watch you burn instead.
 Witch, you can't do this to me.
 I will hunt all of you to your end! Do you hear me? Do you!?
 Only until Bonnie's spell locking me in here wears off. Then I'll look different. Angrier, perhaps. Or I won't look like anything because I'll have gouged your eyeballs from their sockets.
 I'm an Original. What makes you think my entire vampire bloodline won't be cured along with me? I.e., you.
 I recommend drowning. There's nothing quite like the feeling of someone fighting for something as basic as human breath. And let me tell you, your mother was a fighter.
 Hello, Caroline.
 Tyler's mother is dead. So is my brother. We're even. 
 How quickly you forget the part where I saved Tyler from the misery of being a werewolf. Or the night your mother invited me into her home to save the life of her precious daughter.
 Now, that was definitely worth the calories.
 Okay. 
 I'm sorry, mate. I didn't quite catch that.
 Please...
 See, now I think you're just telling me what I want to hear. I mean, you did call me pathetic earlier. And wouldn't it be more pathetic of me to help now, knowing that hours ago, you announced your plan to kill me in a manner in which you're debating because you want it to have a certain amount of flair? I'm just asking.
 No.
 Nothing personal, love. If I cure you, that means victory for him. Don't worry. It won't be long now.
 
 I'm a thousand years old. Call it boredom.
 Fine. Then maybe it's because I'm pure evil, and I can't help myself.
 How could you possibly think that?
 But you can't. Can you?
 You're hallucinating.
 Caroline?
 
 Well, if it isn't little orphan Lockwood. Come to show how laughably impotent you are against me?
 And you think finding the sword brings you closer to the cure?
 And what do you think 'this' is?
 Right. Well, might I suggest using the magic of the internet to purchase an Aramaic-to-English dictionary from your nearest retailer. 
 Qetsiyah's native tongue, I'm guessing. You know, even if you had the best dictionary in the world, it could take days to translate. 
 
 
 I don't need to tell you my reasons. Caroline. Bring my sword over here.
 "Silas rests on the far side, the means of his destruction at hand." 
 
 
 You sound so surprised, little sister.
 
 
 
 Not only can I, I have to. I have a reputation to uphold. Moreover, I want to.
 So he gets to live a happy life after he turned all my hybrids against me, after he tried to kill me, after he made it his life's mission to find the cure so he could use it against me 
 Do we? 
 But if you could...you wouldn't, would you? 
 Mercy? For Tyler? Very well. Tell him to leave town immediately. 
 Tell him that this is the mercy I extend for your sake...that I will give him a head start before I kill him.
 I fear something awful has befallen your friend Bonnie. 
 I've done more than enough. I've shown kindness, forgiveness, pity...because of you, Caroline. It was all for you.
 
 Well, you did say it was urgent.
 Oh, don't worry about him, love. He'll never make it through tomorrow night.
 You were foolish enough to make a deal with Katerina Petrova. She used you to find the cure and now you're nothing but a loose end. You'll be lucky if she lets you live.
 And I will. 
 Ah, what an unpleasant surprise.
 I should help you?
 After you lot killed my brother and imprisoned me in the Gilbert living room?
 Can't help you, mate. Hayley's off limits. 
 
 
 You tipped her off as to what we were up to and set her on a course to find the cure. In return, she sent her lackey to snuff you out. Tell me, what did Katerina promise you?
 
 
 Painting is a metaphor for control. Every choice is mine  the canvas, the color. 
 I felt I had many charms, but, uh, regardless, I'm enjoying myself.
 Oh, surely not the next century. Only until I kill him.
 
 
 
 My sister informs me that your vampire assailant is dead, so you're safe and free to go. Or stay.
 Oh, I'm sorry, love, but you'll never convince me to let Tyler go free.
 
 
 
 That mark. I've seen it before.
 In my considerable lifetime, I've only seen that mark on a handful of others, all from the same bloodline  a werewolf clan that once thrived throughout much of what we now call Louisiana.
 I wouldn't dare. Matters of family are sacred.
 Desperate times, I take it?
 Not judging you, for starters, although if you are determined to get drunk, then perhaps I might recommend something a little more sanitary?
 Well, then. You showed me.
 Depends. Do you happen to know where the young Brutus is?
 
 So some blood went missing from a few hospitals. What about Elena? Don't vampires with their humanity off tend to overindulge in human blood, or were you the exception? 
 Well, let's say for a moment that it was Silas. I'm struggling to see how this affects me.
 How Shakespearian.
 
 Actually, not to nit-pick, but we evil villains usually use minions to pick up our dry cleaning, that sort of thing.
 Besides, Stefan and I work well together, or at least we did in the twenties.
 And that's why you were more fun, just as Damon is probably relishing in Elena's emotionless company in New York.
 Does he? Don't underestimate the allure of darkness, Stefan. Even the purest hearts are drawn to it.
 Still, I'm sure it'll all be fine.
 Well, I wouldn't exactly call it a failure. What's the third?
 Somebody's been skipping their geometry classes. 
 You know, when we split up you did have the option of going with Stefan.
 Yes, and do you know who taught me? My friend Magellan. 
 Actually, I was referring to Damon and Elena when I said that, but clearly it struck a chord with you.
 
 We're here, although judging by the lack of witches, here is not the correct location.
 Not if the witches kill her first.
 How? The only way to stop the witches is to kill them, and then Silas gets what he wants.
 
 There. Twelve graves for twelve witches. Like it never happened. 
 
 You tell yourself whatever you need to so you can sleep at night.
 Hey. 
 
 I'm sorry, mate. 
 
 Now where did you get that?
 Silas. He attacked me. He stabbed me with the white oak stake. A piece of it-is still inside me.
 
 Silas!
 
 
 I need more time. Stop hounding me!
 Caroline. Is it really you?
 Prove it to me.
 Wait, please. Silas. He stabbed me with the white oak stake. 
 Well, I was in no position to ask questions. Suffice it to say, I'm hurt. So you can understand why I called you.
 If I die, you, Tyler, all of your friends die with me.
 Well, it's quite simple, really. I need you to cut the stake out of me.
 Well I'm glad you're finding my misery so amusing.
 You killed twelve witches for your friend Bonnie. You can't even get your hands a little dirty for me? Here I thought we were becoming friends.
 
 And what makes you think I won't simply break my word?
 
 Because Tyler Lockwood tried to kill me!
 
 Don't turn your back on me!
 It's gone.
 The pain. 
 An update on our search for the elusive cure.
 
 With a long list of demands, I assume.
 Come home, brother. We'll settle this like family.
 Hey. Thank you for helping me.
 
 You might have noticed...
 Well, that was poetic.
 Silas can appear as anyone. He got inside my thoughts, convinced me I was dying. He will torment me until I give him the cure.
 So it doesn't trap him there when he dies. He wants to reunite with his lost soulmate. 
 Including our dear brothers, Kol and Finn. We'll have our family back.
 Elijah, please.
 Tell me you're joking. Tell me you're not fating me to an eternity of torture.
 When you're sick and dying, and you beg for my blood, I will laugh in your face and compel you to forget me.
 Of course I heard you, Caroline. I think the whole of Mystic Falls heard you. I'm in no mood for company.
 No, I know, I know.
 Well, surely finding another dress is well within your substantial vampire capabilities?
 Where did you get that?
 Why would you give me this?
 Silas will continue to torment me.
 Yes, it's that simple. Without the cure, what makes you think I'll spare your beloved Katerina? Or have you figured out you're simply another fly in her web?
 I gave you that opportunity. And you sided against me. So if I run, it'll be to chase her. And as your only living brother, I will make it my cause that you never know a moment of happiness.
 Dear sweet April Young. Now, there's a girl with a future.
 Actually, you can. You can stand idly by as poor April takes her final breath. You can ask, "Why does this always happen to innocent people? Where do the spirits go? Was there anything I could have done?" That is what it means to be human, sister. You give humanity too much credit.
 No. No. You are.
 You'll tell him that you cheated, that you failed, that you don't deserve the cure.
 Because your happiness comes at the expense of my sanity, because I refuse to entertain yet another one of your whims, because you are bored and you're looking for a reason to matter. Thankfully I don't have to waste any more breath fighting you on the subject.
 Was it worth it? To see her smile, to make her dream night come true? Was. It. Worth it?
 In the shared interest of giving Caroline the night of her dreams...I'm going to allow you 5 seconds before I rip your heart out of your chest. 5...4...3...
 Good afternoon. Time for one more?
 Oh, now that's not very amiable, is it? You don't even know me.
 
 I'm looking for someone  a witch. Perhaps you might be able to help me find her. Jane-Anne Deveraux.
 Well, now that's a fib, isn't it? 
 Marcel's rules? Where do you suppose I might find Marcel?
 Marcel.
 Has it been that long?
 And yet how fortunate you managed to survive. My father, I'm afraid, I recently incinerated to dust.
 What, Marcel? What would you have done?
 It's good to be home. Although please tell me the current state of Bourbon Street is not your doing.
 I see your friends are daywalkers.
 Tell me  how did you find a witch willing to make daylight rings?
 Is that so? I'm looking for a witch by the name of Jane-Anne Deveraux. Has some business with me.
 Those who live hate me more than ever.
 They're hardly subtle, are they?
 What was that?
 I told you I wanted to talk to her.
 Well, whatever it was, doesn't matter anymore, does it?
 Hey, Thierry, isn't it? Any more Deveraux witches where she came from?
 I am. And you're upset. Sophie, isn't it? I assume this is because of what I just witnessed with your sister on the corner of Royal and St. Ann?
 It was a little melodramatic for my tastes. What did your sister want with me? Why did Marcel kill her?
 They're not with me.
 Are you two gentlemen following me?
 Oh, he did, did he? He did. Well then, let me be exceedingly clear about something  if either of you follow me again, you'll do so without the benefit of a spine.
 Your oldest Scotch for my two friends here, love.
 If Marcel wants to know what I'm up to, he can ask me himself.
 Where is Marcel?
 I assume you're joking.
 Well then, in that case perhaps you'll answer to this. 
 I don't care about your rules, Marcel, and I don't need chaperones. Why are you having me followed?
 Fine. Why don't you show me what you've done with the place, while you explain exactly what it is you've been up to in my town?
 And what of the witches? In my time, they were a force to be reckoned with, and now they live in fear. How do you know when they're using magic?
 Hm. Is that a fact?
 You take vervain?
 Bartender, walking alone at night. She's either brave or dumb.
 Evening, Elijah.
 What an entirely unwelcome surprise.
 I'm not going anywhere. Not till I find out who's conspiring against me.
 What are we doing here?
 Sophie Deveraux. What is this?
 This is why you brought me here?
 I don't need to hear her out. I assure you, love, there is not a thing on this earth that will matter enough for me to waste even thirty more seconds of my time. Elijah, what madness is this?
 You're all out of your minds if you think some liquor-fueled, one-night stand - no offense, sweetheart - means a thing to me.
 What?
 What are you saying?
 No. It's impossible. Vampires cannot procreate.
 You've been with someone else, admit it!
 How dare you command me...
 Kill her and the baby. What do I care?
 It's a trick, Elijah.
 To what?
 I will not be manipulated.
 I'm gonna kill every last one of them.
 People quake with fear because I have the power to make them afraid. What will this child offer me? Will it guarantee me power?
 No.
 You mean your minions aren't still documenting my every move?
 What you can do is you can tell me what this thing is you have with the witches.
 Yeah, we're back to that.
 Your town?
 That's funny, because when I left a hundred years ago, you were just a pathetic little scrapper still trembling from the lashes of the whips of those who would keep you down, and now look at you. Master of your domain. Prince of the city. 
 And if someone breaks those rules?
 Your friend will be dead by the weekend, which means I've broken one of your rules. And yet I cannot be killed. I am immortal. Who has the power now, friend?
 The brave bartender. 
 Do you paint?
 And what do you suppose his story is?
 No. I think you were probably right the first time.
 Are you here to give me another pep talk on the joys of fatherhood?
 I forgot how much I liked this town.
 As did I.
 For a thousand years, I lived in fear. Any time I settled anywhere, our father would hunt me down and...chase me off. He made me feel powerless, and I hated it. This town was my home once, and in my absence, Marcel has gotten everything that I ever wanted. Power, loyalty, family. I made him in my image and he has bettered me. I want what he has. I want to be king.
 Every king needs an heir.
 I had time to sleep on it last night. 
 My blood will heal him, as though it never happened.
 The Quarter is your home, but I would like to stay a while, if I'm still welcome.
 Caroline. I'm standing in one of my favorite places in the world, surrounded by food, music, art, culture, and all I can think about is how much I want to show it to you. Maybe one day you'll let me.
 Hello, Caroline.
 It's true. But I never meant to go without saying goodbye.
 Well, that's just it, isn't it? I never had any intention of moving on. The truth is, I've tried to stop thinking about you, and I can't.
 Come to New Orleans. What are you afraid of?
 Wouldn't it be more accurate to say you're afraid of yourself, your darkest desires? Elena was right, wasn't she? Deep down, you long to have your perfect feathers ruffled.
 Then again, there's so much to be afraid of, isn't there? Like what I'll do to you if your friend Bonnie doesn't come out of hiding. Where is she?
 There are plenty more of these to go around. Who's next? I can do this all day.
 I was already on my way.
 I received your graduation announcement. It was...very subtle. 
 Well, I had considered offering you a first class ticket to join me in New Orleans...but I knew what your answer would be. So, I opted for something I knew you would accept. 
 He's your first love. I intend to be your last, however long it takes. 
 Let's get out of here, before twelve angry hybrids decide to pick a fight.
 Hello, Caroline.
 Are you not the least bit curious as to why I'm here?
 Damon informed me that Katerina Petrova made a tragic turn.
 Well perhaps you'd be more interested in talking about Tyler.
 Nah. I sent him off with a little more than a bruised ego. He really does hate me, poor lad. Revenge...it eats at him. I hear you two broke up.
 Would you give me the same choice?
 Were I to abandon my revenge against Katerina, would you give me the same choice as Tyler?
 Yes you do.
 You know, while you've been vamping off in all the wrong directions, I heard Matt's distant and desperate screams.
 Don't worry love, I've got it covered. Trust me, He'll be quite happy with his rescuer.
 So, the quarterback has been saved. What now?
 I do, but I won't, for you.
 No. I came all the way to Mystic Falls to gloat over a corpse-to-be, as you so poetically put it, but I will leave - minus the gloating - in return for one, small thing.
 I want your confession.
 Me. As soon as we're done here, I'm going to walk away and I'm never coming back. You'll never again have to look me in the eye and cover our connection with hostility or revulsion. And you'll never have to loathe the darkest parts of yourself that care for me, in spite of all I've done. i will be gone and you will be free. I just want you to be honest with me.
 I see.
 I will walk away. and I will never come back. I promise.
 Call me Klaus.
 Welcome to New Orleans, old friend.
 As I live and breathe. Stefan Salvatore in the Crescent City. This ought to be very good, or entertainingly bad.
 Oh, you know the Mikaelsons. Never a dull moment.
 So, of all the gin joints, you pick ours... Four walls invulnerable to the magic of those pesky locator spells. Bit of a coincidence, isn't it?
 Sylvia, this is an old friend. Please keep his cup brimming.
 Quaint little place called Mystic Falls. Home of the mining fires that prompted a town-wide evacuation. It was very noble of you to stand up for the human faction as you did, in such uncharacteristically sweeping, dramatic fashion.
 How is Caroline?
 So, where were we? Siphon babies, vampire-witch Heretics? Hmm, sounds like you've been having quite a lot of fun since last our paths crossed.
 So, she carried two lives in her womb, she gave birth to them, and now she plans to hand those cooing little faces over to Alaric without so much as a hiccup of hesitation?
 Yeah, you're probably right, that does sound like the Caroline I remember.
 If you care about her as you say you do, why aren't you with her now?
 That is the mark of the Phoenix Sword.
 Tell me you have not been careless enough to make an enemy of Rayna Cruz!
 
 Well, maybe not under this roof, but you are aware that she was born in New Orleans? Terrorized the Quarter for years, thrust her blade through the heart of some of my best men on the steps of St. Anne's Church. She will pursue you until your paranoia and despair far outweigh your desire to live. Here, elsewhere, or in hell, she will find you.
 
 Get out.
 And if you stay, I will. Get. Out.
 GET OUT!
 Hello, love.
 Ouch. Has it really been that long?
 I know that sound all too well. You might try picking her up?
 
 Yes, that's been made abundantly clear to me by your boyfriend.
 
 Because I will ensure it. So, here you are, in college, building a life for yourself...
 
 
 Well, then we mustn't wake her. Goodbye, Caroline.
 The right thing... I hope. She's dead for now. We have to go.
 Stefan, you are trespassing on dangers ground. Trust me 
 This is werewolf territory. Let's go.
 Do you love her?
 I have far too many complicated women in my life already. Caroline is the reason the tip of Rayna's blade ended up in your flesh, isn't she? You were protecting her.
 Then let her go. Let her go, or spend an eternity of sacrificing everything good you have with her for your brother. Believe me, I've spent an eternity watching Elijah do the same for me.
 You're not going to the train station.
 We're going to see a witch. I may have something that can help you with your Rayna Cruz problem.
