 Long time, brother.
 Rebekah? Tell me how handsome I am.
 Again with the dagger threats? Don't you have any other tricks?
 And who are you, my father?
 Then perhaps we should go outside.
 Mayor Lockwood. We haven't formally met. Kol Mikaelson. I hope your lovely town embraces us just as much as we plan to embrace it.
 I've met a lot of people. And you don't particularly stand out.
 Where's your date?
 You've changed, Bekah. You know, settling for mortals is the first sign of weakness.
 And spit right in the face of mother's rules? 
 I'm itching to kill something. What are we waiting for?
 Outside? What's wrong with right here on the stairs? Make a spectacle of it.
 There you are. I was waiting outside for you. Where's Matt?
 Don't tell me you like this boy. What did he do? He gave you five seconds of his attention? 
 As you wish, sister.
 Good evening. You're Rebekah's friend. We haven't met.
 Kol Mikaelson.
 Well, well, well, there's our girl!
 Out all night. What a scandal! I trust you did better than that commoner? Matt, was it?
 I'm bored. Our sister is a strumpet, but at least she's having fun. I need entertainment.
 It's not fun to go alone. Join me, Nik! It's the least you can do after sticking a dagger in my heart.
 Just like you, Bekah.
 Right.
 
 She certainly looks good walking away from you.
 A woman of your caliber ought to choose more suitable company. What's your name, love?
 Let's try that again. I'll start. I'm Kol.
 And why would I do that? I like pretty little things with sharp tongues.
 I'm pretty sure I don't care.
 That's lovely. We're stuck out here, while the favorite son plays sacrificial lamb. How pathetic you are, Finn.
 No hard feelings, mate. But we're not buds.
 You know, I'll never get use to aluminum. But hey, at least it won't break.
 Quite contrary.
 Shame about Mary. She used to be a blast. Don't quite know what happened. I fear all the time she spent with my family might have ruined her. She was a bit of an Original groupie.
 You mean, did I turn her? I think I did. But no, wait, maybe it was Rebekah. There was also a Klaus period. And let's not forget the Elijah affair. I spoke to my brother, I know you're trying to find out who you descended from. Now you never will. So, where did we leave off?
 According to my brother, you're off limits. Please don't test me.
 Oh dear, I've hit a nerve. Heh heh. Relax, darling, I just want us to be even. You snapped my neck, you killed my brother, and then you humiliated me.
 There, now we're even.
 Sister...Look at this! You're even worse than Klaus.
 WHERE IS THE CURE?!
 Where is the cure?
 No. What do you know about Silas?
 No!
 Did you not just hear what he said? Silas will kill us all, sister.
 Wait a second, you're lying. You can't get to him.
 No!
 You should be thanking me.
 Silas on the loose would be hell on Earth. Frankly, sister, I don't think you could handle it.
 Way too easily.
 I confess. 
 Jeremy, good to see you, mate. Sorry about the mess. Ugh, it was a little crowded when I arrived, and I prefer more intimate gatherings. We three need to have a little chat. 
 Care for a drink?
 You know, my brother bragged about his plan to complete Jeremy's hunter's mark. It was easy enough to track this lot down. They were all hiding in the shadows. Now, killing young vampires is easy or old ones, for that matter.
 Because, you fools, in your zeal to find the cure, you risk waking someone very dangerous.
 What do you know of him?
 Isn't it?
 A few hundred years back, I came across a group that worshipped Silas. His followers told me that he would rise again, and when he did, he would trigger the end of all time. You know, being an immortal, you can see why I'm opposed to time's ending. So I murdered all of them. And now, here you are willing to risk raising him in your search for the cure. I can't exactly sit back and let that happen, can I?
 
 
 Come on, Nik. I was only having some fun.
 I'll make some more. There's no shortage of people.
 I gave him a good and proper beating just for old time's sake.
 Hey. No need to be nasty about it.
 Fine. I won't touch him. You have my word.
 I don't want to kill you. I just wanted to make sure you could be compelled.
 You ought to be thanking me. I mean you don't really want the cure found. You fancy Elena. I mean, even more now that she's a vampire. Admit it. The last vestige of her humanity is her annoying little brother Jeremy, and deep, deep down, I bet you want him dead, don't you?
 
 
 You'd really dagger me?
 And then you're no better than Niklaus. Daggering siblings when you disagree with them  Look at what this family has become. I mean, Elijah won't even show his face, he's so disgusted by our bickering. This cure has ruined us, and it hasn't even been found yet. Just imagine what would happen if it is.
 I won't let you raise Silas.
 No one can find the cure if you're too dead to find it.
 Jeremy Gilbert. Nice to see I'm still on your speed dial, mate. Hey, you want to meet up at the batting cages in Denver?
 What a treat. Yeah, I was just thinking of all the clever ways I could have your brother killed, but I'd settle for ripping off his illustrated arm instead.
 You want to talk about Silas?
 I'll tell you what. How about I come to you?
 If you want a truce, open the door and invite me in.
 I'm waiting. Let me in and let's talk truce.
 Hello?
 On the contrary, I can't kill your brother with my own two hands, or I'll suffer the hunter's curse and spend the next 20 years trying to off myself in gruesome ways.
 And I've heard that vervain's back in town, so I can't compel you to kill him either. So I think it's fair to say you're semi-safe, for now.
 He's right, obviously.
 You'd think being alive for over a thousand years would teach me some manners, but I couldn't resist stopping by.
 Fair enough.
 No gold medals for bravery, I see. You know the thing I love about the modern age is...music, anytime you like.
 So...this is the part where you offer me a drink so we can have a proper chat.
 Yeah, that's the problem with people today. They have no drinking imagination. Turn-of-the-century New Orleans – now, they knew how to make a drink.
 We all did, till Niklaus shoved a dagger in my heart.
 What makes you think I did anything? Has your alliance with my brother softened you to his horrors?
 Had?
 Would you like one?
 
 You lose track over the years. So, are we going to talk about Silas, or just jibber-jabber?
 I used to run with some witches. Africa in the fourteenth century, Haiti in the seventeenth century, New Orleans in the nineteen hundreds. They all knew about Silas; that he needed to stay buried. I actually hold witches in high esteem.
 They said if Silas rises, he'll unleash hell on Earth. I happen to like Earth just the way it is.
 Well, that's the other problem with people today – they've lost faith. And in that loss, they no longer know who they should fear.
 What if I said I don't believe you?
 It just seems odd that you'd be so willing to give up something you want so much.
 Well, this has been enlightening. Thanks for the drinks.
 I'll take your request for a truce under advisement.
 Trust me, Elena. Some things are better left buried.
 I've considered your request for a truce. Request denied.
 
 Hide and seek? Fine by me.
 Did you know that your darling former blood bag and her brother are trying to kill me?
 Don't pretend like you're not in on it. Your obsession to find the cure clearly trumps any sibling loyalty you once felt.
 I'm going to rip off Jeremy's arm and kill Elena just for sport. Then I'm coming for you.
 Missed!
 Now...about that arm.
 Now, like I said, I don't fancy the hunter's curse, so I'm just going to chop off your arm. But don't worry, I'll heal you right up with a bit of blood after.
 Sorry about the sting. Now, which arm is it? Is it left or right? I'll just chop off both to be safe.
 Greetings from the dead. So, who fancies a drink?
 
 Not completely, and not for long. But who am I to give up an opportunity for revenge? My killer's already dead, but his sister's just as culpable, so maybe you could help me find her.
 Oh, I'm going to. But please, continue. I'm curious as to where you're going with this.
 First tell me where I can find Elena.
 I see you finally got the quarterback to pay attention to you. How's the throwing arm, champ?
 Hello, old friend.
 Pity about your brother. Guess it's just me against you now.
 Now this is what I've missed  two people connecting.
 It's lonely on the Other Side...and I swear being invisible will drive you mad. The way you couldn't see me standing in front of you, or feel my breath on your cheek as I whispered all the ways that I wished for you to suffer.
 But alas, now you can.
 
 Jeremy Gilbert...Welcome back. Now, what's the saying? 'Kill me once, shame on you. Kill me twice, shame on '
 Welcome back. It was our deaths that allowed this day to come to pass – massacres performed in the name of resurrecting the immortal, Silas. Twelve hybrids, twelve witches, the slaughter of innocents by the so-called hero protectors of Mystic Falls. They risked unleashing hell on earth for their own selfish gains. And today that's exactly what they're going to get.
 Greetings, little witch.
 He did, and I spent the night crawling out of a cement grave. 
 And over there, that's my hybrid friend, Adrian. Also dead. In fact, these seats are scattered with two dozen supernatural faces, all of whom have reason to lash out since their lives were sacrificed in order to make your Expression triangle. All they're waiting on is word from me.
 
 I was, till I was in hell. Now I would very much like to be back on earth.
 What's this?
 Then what are we waiting for? Let's do it together.
 What have you done?
 But everything you just said–
 Well, well.
 Speaking of unfinished business.
 It's all topsy-turvy over here, darling, but I've got to say it's good to be seen. Don't tell me you don't remember me. Kol, original vampire, murdered pointlessly by Jeremy Gilbert.
 Well, apparently there's trouble in paradise. The rumblings from the witches is that somebody tore his way out of here, and now this whole place is unraveling. Not that that matters to you. You're just on holiday, which means you're going back.
 Never heard of her.
 All right, then. Mourning time over. Chip-chop. Not to be insensitive, but she was already dead. Little bit of a grief overkill, don't you think?
 I don't know where she went, and honestly, I would love to never find out, which is why I need you back in your body, shouting from the rooftops about what happened here.
 Well, you better find a way to remember it. Look. You might not like me, but I'm not the only one over here, and if this place goes down, then what happened to your sister is going to happen to us all. Please, mate, you have to go back. You have to find out how to stop this.
