 Hi.
 
 Happy Birthday.
 Stop. I don't know, some freak shot at me with wooden bullets. I bail in under sixty. And why is a news reporter hunting vampires?
 Why stay? I'm headed to New York for the weekend. Bon Jovi in the Garden. "Wanted dead or alive", it's our theme song. It'll be a blast.
 We can make him remember us. Come on! Let's go. I mean, what's keeping you here?
 Let's hope she's better than the last girl you got all sprung over. 
 'Cause if I did I'd kick her ass. Little bitch. Speaking of...where's Damon?
 It's not exactly like I can go anywhere. And you and Damon are the only ones with these nifty little daylight rings. I have a mood ring from '75! Trade ya?
 Yeah.
 What are we doing for your birthday? It's not everyday a guy turns a hundred and sixty-two years old.
 Oh yeah.
 
 
 Unexpected surprise? I think the wrong brother went back to high school.
 Just for Stefan's B-Day.
 
 Uh, have you met you? You're not a nice person.
 But you're only the bad parts.
 I'm older and that means stronger.
 Don't ruin my time with Stefan, 'cause I'll hurt you. And you know I can do it.
 So this Elena girl. She'll come around. I'm sure of it. Have you had sex yet?
 Sex always works. I mean you'll rock her world so hard with your vamp sex, she'll be yours forever.
 Wow. That sounded all mature and grown-up.
 Want some?
 Relax I didn't kill anyone for it. This phlebotomist I went out with a few times, he's my supplier. 
 You could stop.
 I'm just jealous of your restraint. I have none. I delight in hedonism. Speaking of which, what are we doing tonight?
 Well I wasn't asking you.
 Let's Go. 
 I'm almost ready.
 It's not like I'm asking you to run outside midday without your ring. I mean, seriously, it's a party.
 Who cares? What can he possibly of all those people in a public place?
 Okay so he'll behave. Come on. One day a year I get you, one day that you're not brooding and existing in your own head.
 It's my day. And that guy that jump naked in the Trevi fountain and got drunk on the torch of the statue of Liberty, that guy can take a break from all of his worrying for one night and go to a stupid party. So quit your whining [hits his butt} and go get ready.
 It's open! Come on in.
 
 Lexi a friend of Stefan's.
 He's in the shower. Do you want to wait?
 I'll tell him you stopped by.
 Are you out of your freaking mind?
 I just met Elena 
 You have some serious emotional damage.
 Then they're related, 'cause they can be twins.
 You don't know or you didn't find out?
 So Elena is not a raging Bitch then, huh?
 Oh my god! You're in love with her.
 He said he'd meet me here.
 Okay, I'm gonna need a little more foot movement.
 Come on, you're not that bad.
 Right.
 Nice!
 Two shots of tequila. 
 No you don't. 
 Free!
 Thanks!
 Oh! The famous Elena.
 I've been called worse. Here. 
 Oh yeah, it helps curb the cravings, but makes for a lot of lushy vamps.
 Uptight?
 Yeah.
 Well that the benefit of knowing someone for over a hundred years. You can just be yourself.
 Well not yet. The first step was him telling you. The rest comes with time.
 The love of my life was human. He went through, what I imagine you're going through  denial, anger, et cetera. But at the end of the day, love really did conquer all. 
 But you're here...'cause you're crazy about him, I get it okay? I mean what's not to love. 
 Yep, I drank yours, sorry.
 
 All right, the shots are a bribe. I need you to answer a question. What are you really doing in Mystic Falls?
 Cut the crap.
 What is it?
 
 What kind of an idiot are you?
 I'd say it isn't necessary to take me in, but you did try to eat me and well, with dawn coming, beggars can't be choosers.?
 Or should they be?
 My God, you're a ripper.
 There are good parts of being a vampire and there are bad parts. You're the bad parts. Well...we're going to have to change that.
 All of these men are dead or dying. What does that make you feel?
 Because you shut out the part of you that was human. The part that lets you feel.
 Well, there is a better way. You simply have to want it.
 Not at first. You can't choose what you feel. You have to let it all back in. The pain and the look in their eyes when you took their life. The cries of their loved ones.
 Because once you can hurt, you can love. Love, Stefan. That's the point. Everything is intensified when you're a vampire. When we hurt, we really hurt. But when we love...
 Going somewhere?
 That would be me. And you must be the brother who hates him.
 You know the hate you're feeling towards Stefan? Towards everyone? You think you have it under control but you don't. It will get the best of you.
 I'll help him.
 Hi!
 Well, technically, so are you.
 See me? Yeah, I have no idea. And I have no idea how long it's going to last, so let's get right to the point. You're off the rails. Big time.
 Now what kind of a friend would I be if I didn't help you out of this mess you're in?
 You know, you say that every time. "I don't want your help. I don't want to get better. Leave me alone."
 Or maybe I should do this.
 Looks like today was a good day to be thinking about me, Elena.
 Mm-hmm. Come with me.
 Ripper detox 101. Crash course.
 I'm sorry, did you not just say how desperate you were for my help in saving Stefan's life?
 Klaus really did a number on him, huh?
 Well, we're just going to have to convince him to turn it back on. I have to warn you, it's not going to be pretty.
 Wake up, sleepyhead.
 How you feelin'?
 Shh. Inside voices, please. I'm trying to get inside your head.
 First step, drying him out. Starve away the blood lust. Strip away the temptation.
 You heard the not pretty part?
 Doing what I do best, sweetness. I'm saving your life.
 He's hallucinating. That's three months without any blood.
 Now he's at nine months.
 Two years...Five.
 Oh. I missed you, too, friend.
 Don't listen. Shut him out.
 It's a lie. He'll say anything right now.
 You have to separate yourself from your emotions. Don't let him play on them.
 You see that? That's the ripper talking. Once he's weak enough, you have to cause him pain. Make him feel things. Anger, rage, anything. You have to make him see past the blood.
 Think of it as a regimen. Day in and day out. Like running the treadmill. Like making coffee. Until he's ready to be saved.
 You can't. I'm already dead.
 Quit fighting me, Stefan. I know you're in there.
 You know you say that every time. Until I make you feel again.
 You've got to get me more.
 No! No...not until I break through.
 The necklace. Okay. That necklace. At least tell me you remember how you felt about that. You found it during your darkest time. And you said, when you made it through, that that necklace represented hope.
 He's still in there, Elena. You just have to break through.
 Yes, keep going. 
 Perfect. Now, just remember we're here to talk to Damon, not to yell, not to drudge up the past and most definitely not to pick a fight.
 You've spent the last twenty years turning your life around. It's time to make nice with your brother.
 You're not going.
 In 1912, you pressured Stefan to drink human blood. He's been trying to put his ripper days behind him, but he needs to see death and blood and deal with them as part of life. He needs balance, restraint.
 The fact that you never have been. You think of what you want, first, second and third. Stefan is better off alone than in your company.
 Get away from him!
 She's better off without you, too.
 Damon.
 I know what you did and you're not going overseas with Stefan. Do you understand me?
 You just killed twelve innocent people.
 Your brother has spent the last twenty years racked with guilt, fighting the temptation to drink human blood. He's serving in war as penance for the pain that he has caused. If he finds out what you did, he'll want to know how it is you function without guilt for the things that you do. He'll turn to you for guidance like he did before and he'll become the Ripper of Monterrey all over again.
 And that's why you can't go. It might be good for you, Damon. But it will destroy Stefan.
 For once, you need to put someone else in front of yourself.
 You need to let him go.
 Hey.
 You're gonna feed on him right here? You're getting sloppy, Damon.
 That explains it. Your switch is flipped.
 You're not even covering your tracks. We heard about you back in Mystic Falls.
 Lucky for you he cared just enough to send me. So, why'd you flip it? What traumatic event was too much for Damon Salvatore to handle?
 Well, it's the seventies now, and keeping it off is gonna get you caught and killed.
 I won't. I promised Stefan that I would 
 Too bad, because you got me.
 Hey!
 Tell me about her.
 What did she look like, what did she sound like? Tell me everything you remember about her.
 Mmm.
 Because you loved her, and love is the most powerful emotion. If I can just get you to remember how you felt about her...
 Do you remember how we first met? It was 1864. Stefan had just killed your father, made you turn into a vampire, and he was killing his way through Mystic Falls. You hated him. Rightfully so, but before you left, you asked me to help him because no matter what happened, he was still your brother, and you cared about him. Now you need help, and he cares about you. We both do. Let me help you. Tell me about Katherine.
 Why not?
 It flipped. The switch. Why didn't you tell me?
 
 For what?
 Your humanity isn't back on, is it?
 So this was all just 
 You better mean me.
 
 She punched you in the face?
 Take a hint!
 No, I've been laughing at you for a while, you just haven't been able to see me.
 Trust me, I do. Although I see I've been replaced by another blonde?
 She's cute.
 What's up, buzzkill?
 Let's be very clear  whatever time I have left here, I sure as hell don't plan on wasting on you. You got me?
 Okay.
 So, the veil's down until tonight, he dies and goes to the Other Side, and what? Comes back all over again? How long does that take?
 
 Enlighten me.
 And what if whatever she feels is for you?
 Cheers to that.
 Ouch!
 Hey, I'm short on time here. Don't rob me of what little joy I have.
 This could get interesting.
 So, the Other Side...Not exactly a party, is it?
 You know there's something else out there, right? There has to be. Silas' whole agenda was to find peace with his one true love, and whatever "peace" is...it's out there. I figure once we've served our time for all the bad things we've done, then it's just about letting go, moving on.
 Yeah...
 Now who's eavesdropping?
 New York?
 Vegas!
 Look, I know you think I'm joking, but you are leaving. You just graduated for the millionth time. It's time to start living your life.
 She was. And she will always be an epic love. Contrary to popular belief, there are actually multiple ones – especially for a vampire. The only way to find another is to let go, and move on.
 Looks like I've now saved you from both metaphorical darkness and actual darkness. I think you owe me a beer.
 Huh. I thought for sure he'd be here. If you were a history teacher turned vampire, where else would you be?
 Well, I have a thing for day drinkers. Plus he has a cute name. Alaric. Hmm.
 Seriously? This is what I have to look forward to when I come back to life? All-you-can-eat potato skins?
 Remind me again why you never made it to Portland.
 Right, and then you made it out, and yet you're still here.
 Caroline.
 Wow! You really don't see it, do you?
 I don't know. Maybe he finally found peace, although if he did, I'm going to be super pissed he beat me.
 I don't know. Maybe there's something I'm still supposed to do. You know, like, earn my stripes.
 A death peace pact?
 I like it.
 Come on. Let's go. I would hate for you to miss your come-back-to-life window before you even had your first date with Caroline.
  Go. GO!
 You have to go! Come on!
 Bonnie; This is killing you, isn't it?
 Every person that passes through takes you one step closer to death. What kind of a best friend would I be if you died before Stefan got his brother back?
 You're not going to get me.
 Wow. That was beautiful.
