 Damon?
 There was a time I marked days on a calendar. I gave up after a few years, but, judging by your bizarre attire...
 Technically, I did die in 1858, after a nurse in the TB ward fed me vampire blood.
 That night, the sky danced with colors again, and it's done so every night since.
 That life seems like forever ago.
 I depleted every slaughterhouse within walking distance, and every butcher's shop along the hellish trek from New York to Mystic Falls. This is the last of the blood here, heh. Two drops a week, just to stay awake.
 I heard you and your brother turned during the war.
 Your father must have been horrified.
 I apologize  that's cruel to laugh, but... good for Stefan. I truly hated that man.
 How's your brother?
 And, you believe I can reconnect Stefan with his humanity?
 Of course I'll help! I'd love nothing more than to see him again.
 I'll alert the others, hmm?
 You knew so much about me, I assumed you'd heard of my traveling companions?
 Everyone, meet my son Damon. He's here to take us home.
 We went everywhere together. They happened to be on the boat that night, poor souls.
 On the contrary, these people saved me from that part of myself. I was banished here because I was a monster. I drank with no remorse from whatever human I could sink my teeth into. But, locked in this cage, I was forced to confront the animal I had become. And, as we ran out of resources, my friends sacrificed their rations for me. And, I knew if I drank everything, as every bone in my body demanded, there wouldn't be enough to wake them. So, I learned to control my bloodlust, for them. These people made me feel human again.
 I'll fetch the rest of the blood so we can revive them.
 You want to leave them behind? No, Damon, you can't save me without saving them.
 Time to wake up!
 No!
 What have you done?
 You don't understand, Damon. I will not leave them!
 They're my family! These people are my family.
 Maybe you could teach me?
 I had just turned, and... I wanted to see my boys. But, when I leaned down to whisper into Stefan's ear, the hunger surged. All I could hear was the pulse in his veins, all I could smell was the blood. So, I fled. For your sake. And, no matter how deeply you felt my absence, it is half as deep as I felt yours.
 Damon?
 As much as I am looking forward to us getting to know each other again, I fear that I can't truly be myself until we retrieve the ones that I've left behind.
 When will we be going back?
 Hello. Are you looking for my son?
 I'm sorry, have... have we 
 
 Well, you were human the last time you tasted it! Our tastes change over time. But, Elena, you're fairly new at this, aren't you?
 You ever miss it? Being human?
 So, if I understood correctly, um, in order to free my companions from that place where I was trapped, we'll need the magical device.
 Yes. The Ascendant. Where is that?
 And we'll also need a celestial event.
 There's a full moon coming up. Will that work? If not, the Lyrids meteor shower is in two weeks.
 Actually, I took your advice, and I've been dabbling on Stefan's computer. What a wondrous invention! All that knowledge.
 Someone who sees you need a doctor.
 I can be of some help with that. Come. We don't have much time.
 Oh! You're right.
 "Dearest Elena, I hope this finds you well..."
 
 And once we've done that, then we will go rescue my friends?
 
 You do love her, don't you?
 
 Well, I didn't mean to eavesdrop, I'm just not used to hearing other voices. I...
 I couldn't help but listen. And, it's not every day that one hears something so rare as a cure for vampirism.
 You mean, don't bring it up with Elena.
 But you fear she might, and that if you give it to her, you'll lose her. 
 Payment isn't an issue, provided your curative is effective.
 
 
 
 You can't. I've already had consumption.
 I didn't.
 
 Is it so hard to believe someone could do you a kindness?
 I know what it is to be tossed aside like rubbish. I was sent to a sanatorium to rot. Left to die. Abandoned by my own husband, who prayed the end would come quickly, not so that I would be spared pain and misery, but so that he would be unburdened by me. But, I was given a reprieve, and it was only once I was unshackled from a life that didn't want me that I found my true family.
 
 
 Drink this, Lorenzo.
 If your brother's on the hunt, he won't be staying in one place.
 
 What if I say the wrong thing? A century and a half is a long time to be away.
 
 
 I have been trying, Damon! Since I laid my eyes on you yesterday, I have been trying with all of my heart to connect with the woman who was your mother, to remember what it felt like to mourn you and your brother after I was banished by your father. After I was turned, the only thing more powerful than the longing I felt for you was the fear of what I would do if I ever saw you again. So, I stayed away. I had to find others who could help me find my way back to myself, and... by the time my new family helped me to do that, everything I felt for my old family  for you and your brother  was gone. I hate that I can't make myself feel more. I'm so sorry.
 
 What if I fail to bring him back?
 I need to be assured that  regardless of the outcome with your brother today  I can count on you to help me get my people back.
 
 You have the power to give your greatest love the human life she desires, and you have yet to be truthful with her.
 Here. Let me help you.
 I'm sure you have many questions...
 
 If only I'd been there to see you grow into a young man, to protect you from your father's temper. But, I was so ashamed of the things that I'd done, of what I'd become, and by the time I got my appetite under control and was coming back for you and your brother, I was hunted down and banished to a prison world by the Gemini.
 ...Was the hope of seeing my sons again. 
 Your angel has returned to you, and I will never leave you again.
 
 I know you. You came to my house a few days ago.
 My God. Lorenzo It's you.
 The phrase, "small world" comes to mind.
 Uh, my lunch companion has yet to arrive. Won't you join me for a drink?
 Uh... May I please have a chicken sandwich and a bowl of soup?
  Um, I'm sorry. Did you say skins? I... I'm afraid I don't know what that is.
 My first time actually. How did I do? Was I a blithering idiot?
 Oh, I figured you were aware. I've been imprisoned for the last 100 years.
 If only that were the case. No. The night I turned you, my friends and I were captured by the Gemini Coven.
 Oh, I see. All this time, you thought that I abandoned you. I will thank you not to mention headless corpses again. Those habits are all in the past.
 It's not their fault, but they remind me of a very dark time in my life.
 On the contrary. They were directed elsewhere. You see, I  was trapped in that prison world with six others. Caring for them as we starved, surviving on two drops of blood a week just to preserve our rations.
 So kind of you to bring me home.
 Damon assured me all would be well.
 What do you mean by that?
 Is this entertaining to you? That the ascendant has been taken from me? That I've lost the only means of rescuing my family?
 You know what I am, Lorenzo. You saw the horror on that ship. The people in that prison world are the only thing that keep me from becoming that monster again.
 Get out.
 I said get out!
 Where have you been?
 The Ascendant. It's not where I left it, and I very much doubt the housekeeper took it.
 It is the only thing that can get my people back. I did not misplace it.
 You have not heard me, son. I need it back.
 Find it, or rest assured, I can just as easily destroy something of great significance to you.
 Tucked inside a shoe box. Clearly you've learned the art of hiding from your mother.
 Bring me the Ascendant, or I wish crush the cure to vampirism with my own hand.
 Tell me you have the Ascendant.
 Then you understand what's going to happen next.
 Some things never change.  Spare me your indignation. We both know I did you a favor. That sense of relief you feel right now, that's the realization that Elena will never leave you.
 You made her choice for her. There's no harm in that. As long as you're happy, she never needs to know.
 Although, wait a minute... Making Elena yours forever, that's exactly what you want. That wouldn't be a punishment at all.
 The cure to vampirism. I left it out for you to find since Damon was never going to offer it to you.
 Looks like you two have a lot to talk about.
 You came.
 I was out for a walk to clear my head.
 I apologized, of course, but I'd given the driver quite a shock by walking in front of his car.
 His heart was beating like a drum. I could see the pulse in his neck, and in that moment, I forgot all my troubles. I felt no pain, no despair, no loneliness.
 I fear it got the best of me.
 What have I done? What have I done?!
 This is entirely unnecessary. I was merely getting a breath of fresh air.
 
 
 A momentary lapse.
 There's nothing to talk about.
 
 
 But not you. You feel the need to connect. Or, is this strictly a Ripper-to-Ripper pep-talk?
 
 Damon fed me a story!
 
 You never could look me in the eyes when you were telling me a lie.
 
 
 Surely there's another way to rescue my friends?
 Your mistake.
 
 
 
 
 You're bleeding. You took the cure. You're human.
 Yes 
  Elena, I do.
 Elena!
 Look what you've done to your mother. I'm a mess.
 What does it matter if I'm alone, terrified of falling off of the edge? 
 
 Hello?
 
 Let me out, so we can speak like civilized people.
 
 Stefan... 
 Valerie? Malcolm?
 1702 Route 12. That's... That's where we are, right? I mean I read the map very carefully. He... He said they would be here. They're probably scared out of their minds.
 My friends. Kai brought them back when he escaped that prison. They're here, somewhere.
 Did you come all this way to mock me?
 Do I look like a Ripper, Stefan? I've said repeatedly that the hope of being reunited with my family is enough to overcome the urges.
 We spent a century and a half together. We're loyal to each other. Our relationship is a deeper bond than I have ever known. What other word would I use?
 I'm sorry. Malcolm, are you here sweetheart?
 I thought you were leaving.
 ...I gave him my blood.
 Lorenzo. You came back. You must think me such a monster.
 My life before my friends was misery, even as a mother, a-a wife. I never felt whole. But then, I found these people, and, uh, I felt a part of something. Can you understand that just a little?
 What is it?
 It can't be.
 Lorenzo... It's our family!
 Beau's not complaining.
 I am headed to New York this afternoon to meet up with Lorenzo. I assume I have nothing to worry about?
 Need I remind you how things used to be?
 
 Valerie, you're a mess! What happened?
 You resisted your urge to fight back. That means you're learning. I'm proud of you, Valerie.
 Lorenzo, how I've missed you!
 
 I was hoping you might find something for me.
 During my captivity, a very dear possession I thought was lost when our ship from England was torched was found by divers. It's been on display in the city's maritime museum, but it's recently disappeared again.
 
 It's a family matter, Lorenzo.
 Darling, we want nothing more than to believe you're on our side!
 So, you're willing to see my sons for the monsters they are? To turn your back on your friendships?
 What happened to that sick boy I met on the boat? The boy abandoned at the workhouse at the age of four? The boy who never knew kindness until the day I saved his life?
 To what do I owe this rare pleasure?
 
 
 My son, if I may offer you some motherly advice? Run.
 
 I fought tirelessly to reunite us, found ways to coexist in this new world, sacrificed everything to make us a family again! How dare you jeopardize that? All of you...
 The bloodshed ends now.
 
 Malcolm?
 
 
 
 You'll have to excuse Beau  he's not in the mood for glib jokes. None of us are, actually.
 I thought we had a deal.
 
 You didn't know.
 
 
 Who, Lucy? She's the kind woman I've hired to clean up this house that you let fall into disrepair.
 Oh, Lucy, darling, could you come clean the welcome mat, please? This man was just leaving.
 
 
 
 I'm afraid my family finds you much less awesome than you do.
 
 Now, if you don't mind, I have to get ready to go bury my son.
 Lorenzo, I assumed you'd be watching over our house guest.
 
 Hmm. How unfortunate for her.
 
 We're leaving for the cemetery in a few hours. I'm sure she can survive until then. I'd invite you, but we need someone to stay here at the house.
 
 You always did throw the worst tantrums.
 That's the fun of cloaking spells, Damon. She could be right next to you, or she could be a million miles away, and I'm the only one who knows where she is.
 
 You were young. Ten, maybe. You denied it, even when your father made you cut a switch from the yard. Even when he beat you with it until you were bloody. Still, you denied it vehemently. Hmmm. You were sitting there, playing with your little toy soldiers, bloody and bruised, so I switched tactics. And, the next morning, when you woke, your room was bare  no toy soldiers. No toys at all. And you cried, and cried. Admitted everything.
 And Malcolm was not a vase.
 Malcolm was a vital part of this family. He meant something to each of us.
 He was my sounding board, my confidante, my eldest son. Ironic that you took him from me.
 As lovely as a burial could be, I suppose.
 I noticed Caroline is still being held in the girls' room. Would you like me to speak with them about letting her stay with you?
 What about your bed? Have you decided which room you'll take?
 
 
 Good morning, Stefan.
 I was out practicing my driving and saw an opportunity to work on my parallel parking.
 I must have run over a nail or something. The streets around here are a disgrace.
 
 
 Then I will give a lecture to the girls on their manners.
 
 Because, Stefan... I sent her to you.
 To check on you. Like any mother longing for her children, I was in a black hole of depression.
 Yes, Stefan, I'm more than the cold-hearted snake you and your brother wish me to be. It took me a long time to get over losing you.
 Anyway, I had been invited to travel to Europe with a... a vampire gentleman-friend of mine, but I refused to leave until I knew that my boys were okay.
 His name was Julian.
 What? You're acting as if that's absurd.
 Julian was nothing like your father.
 
 Valerie never told me about your romance...
 
 She told me that you'd forgotten all about me. She said you had moved on. That... That was the only way I was able to move on, as well.
 Is there anything else you'd like to know?
 
 
 
 
 Surely you're not still angry with her...
 Is Valerie here?
 Forgive me for prying, but I heard your mother died this last spring...
 
 Of course I had a mother.
 Nora, remove the barrier spell, please.
 As of this moment, Miss Forbes is no longer a prisoner.
 No, it's a reward for Stefan's honesty. Go... before I change my mind.
 Thank you.
 Damon.
 
 I was supposed to be dead.
 
 
 You will not lay a hand on another member of my family.
 Let me speak to Oscar.
 
 And yet, you're leveraging a member of my family just to get her body closer to you. How selfish can you be?
 
 I don't know. Damon never showed up. I suppose I've taken the notion of trust for granted lately.
 Lorenzo, would you mind terribly if I had a moment alone with Valerie?
 
 I spent yesterday with Stefan. Learned all about your little tryst in 1863.
 
 You told him you were coming back for him, and he believed you. Why put him through that?
 I will only say this once. If you have anything to tell me  anything at all  now is the time.
 That won't be necessary.
 
 
 
 ...He was the love of my life.
 Ahh! Damon found Oscar!
 Oscar, enough!
 What on earth has gotten into you?
 Oscar, you're not yourself when you feed. You know that.
 You remember how we live. You remember  everything in moderation!
 I've asked Beau to remove the cloaking spell from Elena's coffin. You will find her in the ruins of the old Salvatore mansion.
 
 
 
 If you dare to return to Mystic Falls, it's no skin off my nose.
 Good morning, Oscar.
 It was kind of you to sit with him all night.
 Right here, please, Lucy. Thank you.
 My mother always used to keep fresh flowers when expecting guests. I suppose I picked it up from her.
 
 Lorenzo, you wouldn't mind keeping an eye on him, would you? We won't be long.
 Thank you. And, if you hear from Valerie, please tell her to come home immediately. I know I was stern yesterday, but that's no reason to sulk.
 Come on, girls.
 Girls, I'll meet you in the car. I need a moment with Valerie.
 You may have stolen Oscar's phone, but you left something behind in his pocket.
 Oscar always did covet Julian's ring. Beau found him easily with a locator spell.
 Why would you do this?
 So you go behind my back with my own sons to destroy him?
 Whatever lies Valerie told you, that's all they are.
 
 You know anything about that?
 
 
 
 Give me the stone, please.
 Call it what you will... devotion, control? I call it love. So, if you're asking me to choose between you and Julian...
 
 Julian, is it you?
 Gentleman. Our backyard's not big enough?
 Take it outside, please.
 You are suspiciously cheery. Are you sure you shouldn't still be in bed?
 Okay. Tempting, but I have another idea.
 We have enemies here.
 That name is not to be uttered in this house. I am referring to my sons.
 My thoughts exactly.
 
 
 
 I wanted to show you what peace looks like. My family is civilized  none of these people are in danger.
 Boys, why don't you go mingle? I'll put this away.
 Lorenzo, I'm so glad you came.
 Bonnie, I know we've had a rocky past, but I hope this means you're willing to start fresh.
 I hate to interrupt the party, but I just wanted to introduce my dearest love, Julian. He's just returned from... shall we say, travels abroad? My family is finally complete. My hope now is that in time, we can learn to accept each other and, together, restore this town, with its residents, to a state of peace.
 Cheers.
 What are you doing?!
 What did I do to make you hate me so much.
 
 Answer me! What did I do wrong?
 Sit down. Both of you.
 JULIAN!
 
 AHHH! Julian! Julian! Julian!
 
 What the hell happened down there? You were in a blind rage!
 They were just trying to hurt me, all right?
 Look, the whole point of tonight was to end this feud, not start a new one.
 This version has no desire to see her children dead. If you have a problem with that... we have a problem.
 We'll fix it.
 We'll fix it together, all right? But you must promise me  nothing like that will ever happen again.
 What I believe you have in mind will take the cooperation of the entire family.
 I brought cranberries!
 
 I'm sorry. Is this some kind of set-up?
 
 I did, too... about many things. But I will not make that same mistake again.
 
 Ugh!
 
 What does Gius... Giuseppe have to do with this?
 What are you talking about?
 What's the matter, sweetheart?
 You heard your father, Damon.
 I kept you from wasting a perfectly good meal.
 I still don't see what any of this has to do with my current relationship.
 
 
 
 UNGH!
 You don't think I knew that? I was married to the man for twenty years! What kind of a fool do you take me for?
 Do you think I believed you when I caught you digging for ice in the icebox, and you told me you scratched your arm playing? I'm not blind, Damon. I knew exactly what he did to you that night.
 I had gone to fetch his bourbon like he asked. I was on the stairs when I heard your scream. You ran by me clutching your arm, and you didn't see me through your tears.
 That is not true! Everything that I did 
 Someone... Someone's trying to kill Julian.
 
 Thank you.
 I was the one who took the money.
 On Thanksgiving. It was me.
 Your father never let me have anything. I lived under his complete control. I... I had no means of my own, no access to funds.
 I was trying to save us! We were gonna run away. I was gonna protect you boys. We were... we were never gonna see him again. But your father, even drunk and miserable... He was always one step ahead.
 I don't know what those are.
 Oh, Giuseppe, you ruined all my fun. I thought it could be a surprise. I... I thought you could take the boys to New York for a weekend and see that new steamship we read about in the paper.
 
 
 Giuseppe was a monster. He wasn't manipulating me, I wasn't blind to it. I knew it in my bones. The only thing I cared about more than leaving him was protecting your brother and you.
 Everything... That I did back then... I was doing for you.
 Don't!
 What's going on here?
 Take me home, please.
 What were you doing in the woods with Lorenzo?
 Except my life was bound to yours.
 Julian, this... This isn't just red wine spilled down my shirt.
 
 Did you know Valerie was once pregnant with Stefan's child?
 
 
 Of course.
 Of course.
 
 You were right.
 
 I have a plan. And this time, we won't get caught.
 Aren't we having fun?
 This looks like quite the feast. What's the occasion?
 
 Yes! Yes, quite the surprise.
 What are you doing here, Lorenzo?
 I need something for Nora and Mary Lou's anniversary. Nora used to read this poem over and over again when we were trapped together. I believe it was called "The Nymph's Reply to the Shepherd."
 I had no idea you enjoyed poetry.
 
 Oh, Lorenzo... I can't run from this. This is my doing.
 You know I can't do that.
 If I could...
 What is going on here?
 
 But where did all these people come from, Julian? They certainly didn't bus themselves in to be our dinner.
 However... I suppose, since it's a special occasion, we can make an exception.
 I thought it'd be a nice anniversary gift. It reminds me of everything we've been through as a family.
 
 I have no idea how to dance to this kind of music...
 
 I'll never forget that voice. He used to sing so beautifully.
 Just like old times.
 No, I'm perfectly content with blood bags.
 
 I had to feed. I have to convince them that I'm on their side.
 No, no, no, no. Look, Valerie will get through to them. The plan must go forward. I can't spend another minute with that man.
 Yes, you made that perfectly clear when you tried to kill him yesterday.
 I am your mother. How can you be so cavalier about my life?
 Julian won't be joining us.
 Me. I would have never gone to Europe with him had I known about my grandchild.
 Stefan was the baby's father.
 I believe every word Valerie said. When she told me what happened to her, it was as if all the lights in the room went on... And I could finally see Julian for who he really is. That's why I'm leaving him.
 Beau, give me your hand.
 It's about to get a lot worse.
 Good. They're waiting for it in the greenhouse.
 Do I even want to know how this happened?
 Wow. You must be overwhelmed.
 Tell her you love her. Never forget what she must be going through. And then, one day... Be prepared for her to sacrifice everything for them. Not that I'm one to give advice. I chose Julian over everything.
 It's too late, and so much has already been lost.
 Really?
 Mmhmm. And unfortunately, Damon... Doesn't feel the same way about forgiveness.
 No. He's gone. I saw it in his eyes. He... he wishes me dead.
 Well, then maybe you could offer your mother a little advice in return. How do I get him back?
 Oh, my God...
 
 
 This isn't you. This is not the man that I fell in love with. You used to be kind, gentle, funny.
 No, no  you... you're still in shock from the hell that you've been trapped in for so long.
 You are such a strong girl. I am so sorry I didn't see it sooner.
 My son... Please forgive me.
 You're wrong about so many things. I never had the courage to tell you before... But I do now. You are wrong, Julian. I can choose them both.
 Nora... It's all right.
 I guess... Only one of us gets the luxury of time. Promise me you'll use yours to the fullest.
 Damon. I'm truly sorry...
 I'm so sorry. I don't think I can save you. You've been poisoned with werewolf toxin. Without proper treatment, you'll die soon.
 "Mom?" Wow. You must really be having a bad trip. Your mother's been dead for years.
 Have a nice nap?
 Hello, Damon.
 Oh, my sweet, sweet son. I'm dead, all right. You saw to that.
 But it's starting to come back to you.
 Your spirit is trapped inside the Phoenix Stone. This really happened, didn't it?
 Did you ever take responsibility for the incident?
 You and Henry covered it up and never spoke of it again.
 Maybe it's time to give yourself up.
 You had your reservations, but you still marched forward.
 The longer you keep your trauma at arm's length, the harder this is going to be for you.
 This isn't about remorse, Damon.
 It's about punishment.
 Damon! It's too late.
 Yes.
 The pain is real. The feeling is real. As soon as you figure that out, you'll be one step closer.
 Come in. We've been expecting you.
 Keep your voice down. I can see them coming in the distance.
 Confederates are hunting deserters. They will kill you. You need to hide in the cellar.
 
 There's no one here, I promise you. There's no one here!
 What are you doing? Get your hands off of me! No, no, no! Stop! Stop! No!
 Ahhh!
 Damon! Damon, can you move? Please. Please, you must help me.
 
 You love this, don't you? I'm gonna die knowing my own son hates me.
 Why?
 Ow! Ahh! AHHH!
 Ohh! Ahhh! Why won't you help me? Please! Oh! Ahhh!
 Why? Ahh!
 UGH! Argh!
 Oh, my... my sweet boy...
 There's still time. Tell me. Tell me what you want to say. Tell me.
 You've been poisoned with werewolf toxin.
