 So what happens with the season? One big forfeit? Are they looking for a new coach?
 Charles, founder's party, focus.
 Ah, we're doing great, sweetheart.
 Just the check, honey.
 Thanks.
 Caroline! You look smashing.
 Oh, well, come on in.
 Well, enjoy.
 Hey. Hey, guys, come on in.
 Tyler...We didn't get a chance to say hello earlier. It's Vicki, right? Matt's sister.
 You'll have to forgive my son's rudeness. He gets it from his father.
 That's what you get when you bring the trash into the party.
 Elena, honey, there you are. I notice the watch still isn't in the collection.
 I see. Well, please let me know if you do find it.
 Look around. What's missing? The flames, the candles. Why aren't they lit? There's matches in the kitchen.
 Thank you for staying so late.
 She claims it's packed away in her parents' things.
 Are you sure?
 Doc ID the bodies?
 I suppose that'll make it easy for people to buy the story. And Vicki Donovan?
 Where the hell is she?
 You have the watch? It's ready.
 Yes. That's it.
 We never should have trusted that Logan...weasel with the watch.
 How many are we dealing with?
 Well, the coroner thinks one. Something about the wound radius and the jaw pattern.
 Are we in danger? I mean, if it found the watch, then it knows we know, and could it come after us? A-and should I even be saying "it"? Or...or is it a he or a she?
 If it has any historical knowledge of the town, then it'll know where the watch came from, so yes, we could very much be in danger.
 So what do we do?
 Just keep it quiet. We can't have the entire town aware of this. We need to find it before it finds us.
 How many martinis have you had?
 Oh. Don't start with me.
 Can we go now? We're late for the Halloween party. Let's go.
 So go ahead. I'd like to finish my drink.
 I've met you before. Aren't you Caroline Forbes' boyfriend?
 It's Damon, right?
 Well, you have a face that's hard to forget. What's your last name Damon?
 Salvatore.
 Are you any relation to Zach?
 Are you okay?
 Well, I know Zach from the Founder's Council. You know the Salvatores were one of this town's original settlers.
 Well, will you tell him to return my calls? I've left several messages.
 You know about the Vervain?
 Of course.
 Yes. my husband and I only have left what his parents left him, And Zach had promised that he could supply us with more.
 Hmm.
 Well, there's our children, of course.
 And, um, friends, family, and everyone on the council.
 Zach knows how many. But I am so late. My husband is not going to be happy with me.
 You're flirting with me.
 True.
 Heh. well, if only the real ones were as easy to find.
 Oh, we had the founder's party, and anyone who arrived during the day was eliminated as a suspect.
 And all the rest were just dead ends, so mmm mmm, I gotta go.
 So what do we know?
 
 You two, follow me.
 I’m gonna talk to them. All fights should end in handshakes, don’t you think? 
 Ok, let’s get this out of your system. Go ahead. Fight.
 You don't fight in there like pansies. You take it outside, fight your battles like men, and move on. Best lesson my dad taught me. So let’s settle it. Fight.
 I said fight!
 Just letting these two kids work it out. We’re good here. Go back inside.
 Who do you think you’re talking to? Do I look like a student?
 You don't talk to me like that. I can have your job like this. 
 You just marked yourself.
 Tickets for the raffle are now on sale. All proceeds benefit the annual Founder's Day celebration.
 You're making me think I should buy a ticket.
 And what do you do, Bachelor Number 3?
 Well, isn't that wonderful? We could always use more plumbers. Moving on. Number 4, "Alaric Saltzman." Wow. That's quite a mouthful. What do you do, Alaric?
 Oh, beauty and brains, ladies. This one's a keeper. What do you teach?
 History. Oh, well, give us a fun fact about Mystic Falls, something crazy.
 He's probably saving the best stories for his date. 
 Do you have any hobbies, like to travel?
 And bachelor number 3 goes to 37458.
 Ah. Kelly Donovan. Lovely.
 You and the plumber should have so much fun.
 37649.
 Congratulations.
 And Bachelor Number 5, Damon Salvatore. 
 Would you look at that? 37552. What are the chances? Me. 
 Hey, you're not going out in that, are ya? The roads are dangerous. Route 5 is completely flooded.
 Hi.
 Welcome. Richard Lockwood. This is my son Tyler. Please please, join us.
 Grow up. Elections are coming. She's a constituent. And a rich one, from the looks of it.
 Well, yes we are. Dating all the way back to the town's original charter.
 You know your history.
 Yeah it's Jeremy Gilbert.
 Alright, give me ten minutes. And keep it out of the news till I get there. Grab your stuff. We gotta go.
 They found Vicki Donovan.
 Storm unearthed the grave off county road. They just brought her body down to the morgue.
 Come on, we gotta go.
 Thank you Sheriff. And on to a more pressing issue, John Gilbert has asked to say a few words.
 Welcome back John, it's good to see you.
 Okay okay, no need to get alarmed right at this moment.
 I'm so glad you could join us tonight.
 This town is one big family, when we lose a member we all have to come together.
 Matt.
 I'll take it from here; I'll take it from here  Are you hurt? Go get cleaned up. It's okay. Go get cleaned up.
 Thank you all, thank you very much, thank you. Thank you all for joining us tonight in just a few moments we will officially begin the countdown to our upcoming Founders' Day celebration and it's a very special one this year. The one hundred and fiftieth birthday of our town.
 And...and I would like to welcome back one of our town favorite's sons to do the honors of ringing our official charter bell. John Gilbert, would you please join me up here?
 Let's go.
 That is the last time you ever embarrass this family.
 No! No! There's no touching during this part. It's about the simple intimacy of the near touch. Very nice, Amber!
 Miss Tina Fell, escorted by Bartholomew Whitmore.
 Miss Caroline Forbes and her escort Jeffrey Lockwood Hamilton.
 Miss Elena Gilbert, escorted by Mister Stefan Salvatore.
 Before I crown the winner, I'd like to offer a personal thank you to all of these young ladies for their efforts to better our community.
 So, without further a due it is my honor to announce our very own Miss Mystic Falls, Miss Caroline Forbes!
 No, no, no, no, no! It's all wrong! The marching band should be in front of the Historic Society. Matt, get up on the float. Boys, I asked you to put chairs on the Founders' Float. Ladies! Time to get on the float.
 Let's give a big hand to the Mystic Fall's high school Marching Band!
 And for a little local history, Mr. Saltzman's students have recreated Virginia's Battle of Willow Creek.
 Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our stunning Miss Mystic Falls Court and their handsome escorts.
 This is Caroline Forbes, Miss Mystic Falls. Aren't they beautiful?
 Let's cheer for the Mystic Fall's high school football team. Alright! Let's show them our support, everybody!
 Yes, how does it work?
 And you're certain they're attacking tonight?
 We're taking an enormous risk. We're talking about our families, John!
 We've gone over the plans with all your deputies, they're all on board.
 Yeah, because we knew this is exactly how you'd react.
 What are you doing here? I told you to go home.
 If I tell you to do something, you do it!
 Please Tyler; I need you to go home, now. Take your friends with you.
 I can't explain. All of you need to get home, now. Please.
 Here, take my car, it's out back. Caroline, Matt go with him.
 For one hundred and fifty years, Mystic Falls has been the kind of town that everybody wants to call home  safe, prosperous, welcoming. And we have the Founders to thank for that. That's why I'd like to dedicate this evening's firework display to their legacy.
 Enjoy the show!
 Please help him, he just went down.
 Liz, are you okay?
 What's going on?!
 I've been looking everywhere for you, something happened to Richard. They took him.
 Your deputies. I don't understand, he's not a vampire!
 What are you doing here?
 I want to know exactly who's responsible for killing my husband.
 What are you implying? That he was one of them?
 Your deputy screwed up, plain and simple which makes you responsible.
 Someone got my husband killed.
