 Wake up, babe.
 I've missed you. Julian? Is that still you?
 Markos' orders. Put them on you as soon as you fell asleep. You're Passenger-ed in a hybrid. We can't risk him popping out. The pecs are a plus. But extra security's a minus.
 Looks like this is gonna have to wait.
 To the next camp, which will hopefully be our last camp. Markos is ready to do the spell. He's taking the doppelgängers.
 As soon as we're out of here. Soon, we can actually have a home, and I can finally have a closet. Better yet, two closets  one for clothes and one for shoes.
 Julian? Julian? Babe, what's wrong? Open your eyes.
 Oh, my god. You're not  Vyjit! Vyjit!
 I need help! Somebody!
 He'd only been called out for a few hours. I've never seen a host reemerge so quickly.
 Right. It could be.
 He may be a hunter, but you'd be surprised at how easy it is to restrict a man's airways.
 You trying to compel me? Who do you think freed you last night?
 Get in. They're coming for you.
 It was too risky to haul you out of there myself, so I had to circle back.
 Yes, which is why we need to make sure they don't get to me before I get to my husband. I assume you know where he is?
 You could always sit in your boyfriend's lap.
 Oh Noted Sorry, I assumed. I thought the doppelgängers were like, fated soul-mates or something.
 Markos is focused on breaking the curse, so that the travelers can settle permanently in your home town. I'll have a head start if I can get to Julian before Markos starts the spell.
 Tyler is gone. There's only Julian now and he belongs with me. Once the spell starts, Magic will be stripped away layer-by-layer. Tyler's body will turn from hybrid, back to werewolf, then he'll just be dead. And my husband along with him. So leaving him behind is not an option.
 Home sweet, home.
 We're 2 blocks from home. Would you mind holding out, considering I saved your lives?
 A word of advice  keep a low profile. This is exactly where Markos doesn't want you to be. If a traveler spots you, you're going right back to that camp
 Trying to kill you... just a wild guess.
 I did!
 Tell my husband I tried.
 Who are you?
 What are you talking about?
 I know the spell, but I don't know two dozen travelers willing to overwhelm the anchor.
 What the hell is happening?!
 Help me!
