 Not in my house, please.
 Why are you here?
 First two are complicated. Last one's easy. I'm the reason Stefan and Elena are having visions of each other.
 I'm afraid the doppelgänger lore's been misinterpreted over the ages.
 The prophecy is that the doppelgänger blood can help the Travelers, but they're being drawn together because of a spell I cast 1500, years ago. I had no idea where they were, and it turns out the best way to get people to go searching for each other is the promise of true love. Is it stuffy in here? Why don't we take a walk? You stay here.
 You want to find Maggie? You stay here. Shall we?
 Mystic Falls is a beautiful town.
 You take your homes for granted.
 Two thousand years ago, Silas and Qetsiyah cast a spell for immortality. It created a schism in the Traveler community, giving rise to the witches. They tried to keep us scattered to make us forget how powerful we can be.
 The witches put a curse on us that kept us from settling down as a tribe. Whenever we've tried to gather, disaster struck  Plagues, earthquakes, fire. Something inevitably wiped us out.
 We simply need their blood, but we're not your enemy, Damon, and to prove that to you, I'm gonna stop their visions.
 The curse might prevent us from gathering in our own bodies, but we've found ways around that.
 A few... Here and there. Shall I continue?
 It's done.
 It's not a bad upgrade either.
 Don't get used to it. Once this is over and the town is ours...
 Did you bring it?
 Was the only knife left.
 Not here. Vyjit.
 Welcome back, Julian. Apologies for the precautions, but you're passengered into the body of a hybrid. It's hard to know how long you have before his consciousness returns.
 Just trying to keep our people comfortable. With luck, our days of striking camp are numbered. Sloan. Two thousand years ago, the witches put a curse on our tribe so nature would turn against us should we ever attempt to settle as a people. We have lived without a home, roaming like cattle. The prophecy states that we can break that curse, but in order to undo a witch's curse, one must have the power to undo a witch's magic. Our faithful Sloan has volunteered to be the  how do you say  guinea pig of our little experiment. Drink.
 Are you ready, Sloan?
 How are you feeling?
 All part of your transition.
 Vampirism originated from the magic of witches, and it is in the prophecy that the blood of the final two doppelgängers will undo witch magic. The last of our doppelgänger blood.
 The moment of truth. Are you still a vampire, or is the prophecy true? Did the doppelgänger blood revert you back to your human form?
 Congratulations. If we can undo the magic in Mystic Falls, we can undo the witches' curse that prevents us from finding a home. We'll finally have a place to settle. Sadly I'm afraid you won't be able to enjoy it with us.
 The doppelgänger blood removes magic. Unfortunately without the magic of vampirism to keep her alive, Sloan has reverted to her final human state, so now she's just...
 Exactly, Julian. She's dead. Such is the fate of any vampire that tries to live in our new home. We're almost ready to begin our work except... We're gonna need a lot more blood.
 Maria. Julian's your husband. Why didn't you realize he wasn't in control of the body?
 You've never seen a hybrid before either. Find him! And make him permanent. As for the rest of you, I see a lot of walking when I should be hearing chanting! Find me the doppelgängers!
 Stop! I found them.
 Don't get used to it.
 I'll have enough when you can no longer speak.
 I'm calling about my people.
 They're ragged; beaten down by the world, desperate for a home..
 One of them is 5'10, wearing a black coat... You're standing next to him.
 Nice place.. A little rustic. My tastes are a bit more modern, ironically. Still, good bones and all.
 About that...
 Please tell me taking hostages isn't your grand plan. It feels a little.. small. ? ? off the foyer.
 Hmm.
 You're right! None of this would be possible without their willingness to passenger themselves into your citizens and help perform my spell.
 and while I'd like to give them the opportunity to return to their actual bodies...
 It's not essential to my plan.
 Did you really think you found the whole of my people? Travelers are everywhere. They're the faces that surround you every day... the world over.. the ones you don't notice. Because you're too busy making a mess of all you have
 They want those things too. A home; a family; a better life. And they're willing to die for it.
 Mystic Falls is just a means to an end  like a small pebble dropped into a very large pond.
 Once we destroy the spirit magic in this town, the witch's curse will finally be broken, but from there, the spell will ripple outward, unraveling spirit magic as it spreads. Only pure magic - our magic - will remain. My people will be free to go wherever they choose. And when witch magic, and everything it ever created, is gone from this Earth, you will be too.
 You underestimate me. I've completely transfused myself to doppelgänger blood. I am channeling all the power of my people. You aren't strong enough to kill me anymore!
 Not that it matters. The spell has already begun.
 I think I'll knock this wall down. I love an open-floor plan.
 Where is your brother? I was hoping he'd be here. The doppelgängers seem to have slipped away without saying goodbye.
 What kind of game are you playing?
 And what were you saying about this being your home?
 Like I said; this spell will continue to unravel spirit magic as it spreads, which means you're not long for his world.
 The sun's about to set. Feel free to buy yourself a little time to say your goodbyes. You and this traitor of yours can try to outrun the spell.. for a little while, anyway.
 It is a good day, Sheriff.
 Hmm. Gas leak. Very clever. I appreciate your cooperation.
 I'm sure we can think of something if we put our heads together.
 Our desire was to end spirit magic everywhere. As you can see, we hit a snag. Nevertheless, this is our home now, and just to keep things simple, we've reset the official border of Mystic Falls to where the spell begins, right there.
 You think I'm afraid of vampires? Maybe you think your friend Damon or your daughter can come save the day. Let me give you an example of why that would be unwise.
 Oh, that's not Tyler anymore. That's Julian, the Traveler who betrayed his people when he killed the doppelgänger and stopped the spell. A big, scary werewolf-vampire hybrid, and yet a little vervain, a touch of wolfsbane, and here you are—weak and all mine.
 That's because you haven't set foot inside my kingdom. your friend Tyler will be stripped of everything the witches did to him, first his hybrid side, then his vampirism, and with no vampirism to keep him alive, he'll just be a boy with a werewolf gene, who happened to break his neck.
 Travelers haven't been able to gather together for centuries. The last thing they'll tolerate is a list if your ground rules.
 I warned you they probably wouldn't give you the chance to speak.
 Where are you going?
 We're not lawless, you know. We could use someone like you, have a drink with me. Allow me to convince you that this can still be your home.
 Please. I insist.
 Another phone call in five minutes...
 You know, I was wondering the same thing. You evacuated the town, yet you stayed behind to lecture us on our civic duties?
 Or you're up to something.
 We meet again... We can do this all day, Bonnie. Your friends kill me and I come right back through you. I look forward to the déjà vu.
