 Morning, everyone. I'm Dr. Maxfield. First name is Wes, but call me Dr. Maxfield. One day, when you're out of med school, you'll understand. So, you're all going to this bonfire tonight, right? Well, here's a quick history lesson for you. Whitmore was founded as a hospital during the Civil War. Deadliest war in American history — over 600,000 casualties. Disease was so prevalent that once a week, they had to gather all the dead, rotting bodies, put them in a pile, and light the whole thing on fire. So tonight, when you're getting drunk and partying, stop for a second, close your eyes, and imagine the rancid smell of a hundred rotting corpses.
 Which brings us to microbiology...
 ...because that rancid smell comes from a very specific bacteria. Isn't that right, chatty girls in the back?
 And what is that bacteria?
 Maybe because you're freshmen, who shouldn't be in this class. How do I know? I'm observant — a skill you'll learn in Bio 101, down the hall.
 I didn't think Elena Gilbert would give up so easily. Sorry about being a hard-ass earlier. It's kind of my thing. You're Grayson Gilbert's daughter, aren't you?
 Knew of him. He's a legend around here. Brilliant. I've studied all his research. I can only hope to do the kind of work he did.
 And here I thought you were just passionate about microbiology. I have office hours tomorrow. Come by, we can chat.
 Let me know when that plate clears.
 Stay out of trouble.
 Your vitals are normal.
 Tell me about your night.
 What's causing your memory loss didn't come in a red cup. It appears you have vampire blood in your system, Jesse, which means you were either injured to the point of needing to be healed, or someone wants to turn you into a vampire. I'm guessing the former, and then I'm guessing you were compelled to forget.
 It's nothing to worry about. The good news about having vampire blood in your system is that's step one to creating a new vampire. This is step two.
 Subject 62547. After his initial transition, 62547 has undergone 3 days without feeding. Subject is weak but lucid. Upper left and right cuspid normal after blood stimulus is removed.
 Sensitivity to light  an obvious 11 on a scale from one to 10. (He writes some notes on a pad.)
 Subject is confused yet self-aware. Personality seems intact. Hunger remains primary focus. All in all appears to be a perfect candidate.
 Welcome back. See you at the costume ball tonight?
 You look like a woman on her way to the guillotine.
 See? And that's why I teach bio.
 Dr. Jekyll.
 I don't know. I am not responsible for my darker half.
 Who could refuse a queen? Besides, you're not, nor will you ever be, one of my students.
 Look. I didn't want to lie, but I could't exactly tell her parents a mountain lion attacked her at a frat party. I'd be fired.
 Want to know my theory?
 I think a vampire hunted her down, ripped her throat out, and threw her off that roof.
 Doesn't matter what I know, Elena, because we're never gonna see each other again.
 
 Where do you think you're going?
 Give them. Come on. 
 He sighed, releasing the molecules of alcohol in his breath.
 Well, I'll settle for that very uncool and mildly responsible legal guardian. Keys...Now.
 I saw you talking to Elena Gilbert. Do yourself a favor. Stay away from that one.
 Because, behind my very uncool exterior, I do care about you, Aaron.
 Be safe.
 Subject 62547. Blood film analysis.
 Cellular growth rate is phenomenal. As expected 
 What are you doing here?
 It's etorphine.
 What are you doing, Elena?
 Wait, what? You'll kill me!
 Untie me. I'll find the vein myself. You will kill me.
 If you were willing to kill me, you wouldn't have gone through all of this trouble. You should have left when I told you to. They're on to you.
 There's a gathering today at Whitmore house. The society is using it to suss out potential candidates. They were going to invite you, until they started suspecting that you were a vampire.
 They'll never let you in and a vampire could never get past the threshold.
 You're oddly calm, which only adds to my complete and utter terror.
 You spaced? Caroline, I would have bled to death.
 My apologies. Is the moment over?
 It's called Augustine.
 Well, that's the whole point.
 Most recruits are legacies, but some of us were chosen for our extraordinary talents.
 Being brilliant.
 No. I covered up her death because it wasn't just any vampire. It was the Augustine vampire.
 Of course I'm here. Why?
 What? I was working. The day must have gotten away from me.
 I have no idea. I guess I was wrong.
 Elena Gilbert, what brings you by?
 How'd you get this?
 Well, thanks for returning it.
 I think you should go.
 I have to say if I wasn't such a genius, I might actually think you were blackmailing me, Elena.
 Is that a tooth?
 I did a full workup on your blood, Katherine. It's clean.
 
 You're aging.
 You said you were turned into a vampire five hundred years ago, give or take, and now that you're human, let's just say time is catching up with you.
 We don't. It's just life running its course quicker than normal.
 If it continues at this rate, you have a few months. I'm sorry.
 Preliminary report, subject 62547. 
 Indicators predict a positive response to the first bag of undiluted Augustine blood.
 Physical strength is an unforeseen side-effect. Terminating transfusion.
 Activating emergency procedures.
 What do you want?
 Careful with those!
 M.D. PhD. I'm a researcher.
 It's a flesh-eating bacteria.
 Human trials are a vital part of modern medicine.
 Sometimes you do what's necessary for the greater good.
 I wanted to turn Jesse into a new kind of vampire.
 I am awfully smart.
 
 If vampires don't need to feed on humans, they're no longer a threat.
 Human blood will only satiate Jesse temporarily until he gets a taste of what he really craves.
 You feed on monsters, Jesse.
 Actually that's not one hundred percent accurate.
 If you're gonna do this, I'd much rather prefer a bullet through the brain.
 What do you care?
 21051. Hang on. You were an Augustine vampire?
 You thought wrong.
 Atomized vervain. When working with vampires, you can never be too careful. I'm sure Augustine will be thrilled to have you back.
 Vervain. To keep you calm.
 I lost a test subject last night, and you're gonna replace him.
 Is that what you told Dr. Whitmore?
 Jesse was proof that my research goes far beyond that. 
 Grayson Gilbert was one of the best doctors the Augustines ever had.
 I'm glad he didn't live to see this.
 That was more like a tranquilizer.
 I had to make sure Megan's death didn't draw attention to my work.
 I study vampires.
 They exist, Aaron, and Elena Gilbert is one of them. The syringe I used on her had vervain in it. Think of it as an anti-vampire drug. It's one of my safety measures.
 This work has been going on for generations in secret. Your family pioneered it. 
 You never needed to know before now. 
 Here. Another birthday present. 
 
 I found them, Aaron. I found you next to their bodies. As soon as saw them, I knew vampires had attacked them.
 That's why I continued your father's work. 
 Look. I'm sorry you had to find out about parents like this.
 You'll be fine. Just go to school, live your life. 
 Subject 83182 appears conscious. 
 Why? Look familiar?
 83182 resume prep for blood dialysis. 
 4.1 pints drained. 
 
 
 Science. 
 This isn't my journal, Elena. 
 Everything I'm doing to you I learned from him.
 Was your dad's clinic. Then your town council burned a whole bunch of vampires down here. Now it's just a condemned building in Mystic Falls where no one will find us.
 Aaron, hey.
 Aaron, what's wrong?
 Damon Salvatore is locked in an impenetrable and inescapable fortified cell.
 
 Enzo...Enzo, wake up. 
 An insurance policy. Guarantees you'll come back to me. I'm giving you the day off. 
 
 
 Conserve your energy. I've drained enough blood to start phase two.
 If it works, you'll be the first one to know. 
 Maybe because her parents helped fund your father's projects.
 
 
 And being clueless to what a starving vampire will do around fresh human blood, I'm guessing she got too close. 
 Who's this?
 Funny. I have Elena, and I'm wondering how she'll function without her cerebral cortex. Touch him, and you'll never see her again.
 Good news. The sample cells mutated. My compound worked.
 You've heard of Pavlov? Conditioned his dog to salivate at the sound of a bell. This compound is like that bell except instead of a ding, your body will salivate at the smell of vampire blood.
 Jesse was a fantastic case study, but he took too long to condition, and considering the size of the vampire population, a single-dose injection is much more efficient.
 Exactly. Vampires are now one shot away from craving their own kind, 
 I know.
 
 You'll be doing the world a favor, Elena. 
 ...but you will.
 Aaron?
 It's one of Augustine's research labs.
 Agh. 
 
 Don't worry, I wasn't. The chains were a good idea. Now, I can see exactly how strong he becomes when enraged.
 Conclusion  very strong.
 My friends here raised the acidity in your blood. There must be some witchy explanation for it, but Damon's basically drinking hydrochloric acid. I suggest you leave before the spell wears off.
 There's one more thing I need from you. Then I'll let you go for good. The other option is to stay in here with your cannibal friend and see how long you last.
