 Mr. Saltzman. What are you doing up? You should be resting.
 Internal hemorrhaging, three broken ribs and a concussion. I have no idea how you're on your feet right now but I need to run some more tests.
 ...Fell. But the patients who follow my advice get to call me Meredith.
 Mr. Saltzman...what is your secret? Guardian angel or did you sell your soul to the devil?
 Alaric Saltzman, miracle patient!
 I'm glad to see you're still alive. A part of me thought you would have dropped dead in your sleep!
 Not a bad thing to have in a town with a vampire problem.
 I'm a Fell, I come from a long line of founders, may they rest in peace. I hate that bridge. My senior prom date dumped me on this bridge.
 No, but I should have. I've been holding a grudge ever since. Where did your friend go? I'm supposed to hit him up for some money for the fundraiser.
 He's in good company. Some British guy just pledged to match every dollar we raise!
 Says the guy who got his job from his dad.
 I know what I'm doing.
 Back off, Brian.
 Just go away, Brian. 
 Unfortunately, I have to work with him. He is on the Council, he's the medical examiner. The guy who signs his name under Cause of Death  "animal attack".
 Yep. 
 Thank God, another day drinker. I lost a patient, what's your excuse?
 Yours?
 Then you should probably buy me a beer.
 I'd love one but I've got rounds in fifteen minutes, and a drunk doctor is a bad doctor.
 Angry. 
 Yeah, that would be great.
 Bye. Thanks.
 You're Alaric's friend, right? Damon Salvatore. I saw you at the council meeting. What are you doing here?
 Ex-boyfriend. And thanks. I'm still kind of processing.
 Would you rather, I say, he was staked like a vampire?
 Why do you even care?
 You think I killed my ex-boyfriend?
 If you care about your friend, go figure out, how Alaric came into the ICU on his death-bed and walked out an hour later without a scratch.
 You talked to Damon.
 He wasn't supposed to wake up so soon. I used enough vervain, to sedate him for hours.
 I'm not crazy, Ric.
 You really wanna know? Stick around.
 He was found in the woods. An actual animal attack. Bite marks and gashes over half his body. Lost about three liters of blood.
 Nope. At least not on his own.
 Exactly what you think it is. Vampire blood.
 You wanna to know my secret? I cheat. I'm a doctor and I hate when people die. So when I have the ability to do something about it. I do.
 You're a vampire hunter.
 You're trying to get out of taking me to dinner, aren't you?
 Okay. Then tell me how you survived getting hit by a truck. Your injuries were fatal. Was it vampire blood?
 A vampire hunter, who can't be killed by vampires. Convenient!
 Are you worried I'm a supernatural being?
 I'm gonna go.
 Are you Caroline?
 Did. Do you think you can get him to be a little more grateful? He spent half the night threatening to get my medical license revoked for saving his life.
 So...he's not psyched about it being vampire blood that healed him. Yeah, he made that clear. I'm sorry. My bedside manner sucks, on no sleep.
 I signed his discharge papers late last night, just to shut him up.
 That's gotta be hard. When your dad hates the one thing you can't change about yourself. I make it my business, to know who the vampires are in this town. Medical curiosity. I don't blab.
 Tell your dad I said "you're welcome".
 Does he still think I'm a serial killer?
 Speaking of. Your x-rays were inconclusive. Your knife wound was already semi-healed. It's impossible to tell anything about whoever stabbed you. Short, tall. Left-handed, right-handed. No clue.
 Your CT scans were clear. Maybe you were compelled to forget.
 There are no other suspects. It's the obvious conclusion.
 None of your business.
 Why don't you get lost, Kol?
 No, no, no, no.
 Shut up, stay seated, you might have a concussion
 Housekeeping is not high on my priority list.
 Look at me.
 Pupillary response is normal.
 You might have a broken rib.
 That's what you get. Picking fights with guys thirty times your age.
 Rest. Damon and Stefan are going to take care of Elena. I am going to take care of you.
 You weren't supposed to see that.
 I'm due in surgery. Whatever case you're gonna make against Alaric, make it quick.
 How do you know? Sure you live with him, he takes care of you, but do you really know anything about him?
 Let me tell you what I know. He was arrested for fighting four times before the age of 21. When he was at Duke, his future wife, Isobel, filed a restraining order against him. Twice. Although, then she married him, so I guess that says more about her.
 Am I? How would you know? You took pity on a borderline alcoholic vampire hunter and you never even thought to look any deeper.
 You date vampires, Elena. It shouldn't come as a shock to learn that your guardian is a murderer.
 I know what this looks like.
 I did it for you, Ric. I forged the coroner's note to clear your name.
 No! Now that you've been cleared, they'll look somewhere else, they won't look your way again. Please. You have no reason, but I need you to trust me anyway. If you let me in I can explain.
 Like the Sheriff said, the victims were killed with your weapons.
 With your own knife. A wound that could have been self-inflicted.
 Would you? Have you had any blackouts, instances of lost time?
 No, but I think you might be. You wear a ring that lets you cheat death, Ric. How many times can you die before it changes you?
 I think you're sick and I want to help you. This has happened before, almost 100 years ago.
 I don't know. A tumor, vascular anomalies, anything physical that might explain his behavior. If it's medical, I can treat it.
 Well, then we'll deal with that too.
 It was after he told me about his ring. I remembered a story my grandmother had told me about Samantha Gilbert and her secret journal. I don't know if you know this, but we Fells are notorious busy-bodies.
 Because I'm a doctor, I don't like to see someone hurt by something they have no control over. And because when he and I first met I felt like...I don't know, I- I just kind of want to help him.
 Everything alright in there?
 Do you have any tact whatsoever?
 My pleasure.
 I really don't think you should be looking through that stuff.
 You don't strike me as an angry guy. Which sounds weird, given everything, but you don't.
 Mm, semi-retired.
 Okay. Ominous. Shoot.
 The vampire thing, it's not my fight. I use their blood for what I need and leave the judgment to everyone else. Although, I have kind of been wondering why you never drove a stake through Damon's heart.
 I think it's better if you stay here with me.
 You still with me?
 I'm half-dead too. Neither one of us has slept in two days. Don't worry, I've got coffee on.
 I don't know where anything is in this house. 
 I was gonna make sandwiches. I'm starving.
 No mustard. I hate mustard.
 I'm sorry?
 Don't do that, it's not funny!
 What do you want Damon?
 How is he? Are those herbs that Bonnie made for him working?
 I gave him a sedative. He'll fall asleep first. He'll go comfortably.
 You seem surprised.
 Well, it was nice of you to give him the option.
 You shouldn't leave him alone in there.
 Is it really what you think he wants?
 She's gonna be fine. She got a little banged up today, hit her head, but it was just a slight concussion, nothing to worry about.
 Honestly, Jeremy, she's okay. She's just...she's been through a lot. Is there anyone you want to call?
 What are you doing here?
 How did you find out?
 No, stop it! No, don't do that, stop it!
 No, Damon, wait.
 You need to know, when Jeremy brought Elena in here earlier tonight, her injuries were worse than I let on. It wasn't a concussion, it was a cerebral hemorrhage, bleeding of the brain.
 He was so worried, I didn't want to tell him, but I – I helped her. She needed my help.
 Pastor Young! To what do we owe the honor? And don't tell me it's your blood pressure again.
 What are you doing?
 Who gave you that authority?
 What is that supposed to mean?
 Damon, relax. When Caroline called to say she got away; did she know where they were planning to take her?
 Damon, stop! It wasn't his fault!
 It's remote, it's secluded.
 Why were you being so cryptic?
 
 
 
 Okay.
 Okay.
 He was a patient of mine. He was always a nice guy.
 What does he mean, "a greater evil is coming"? 
 How did you get stuck on hunter duty?
 
 You're strung up to a bomb while Stefan plays vampire with the girl who broke your heart. But, you're doing a very good job of acting like it doesn't suck.
 Okay, I think that should be good.
 You told me the plan was to lead him to the storage room.
 You left out the part about blowing up a hospital! With patients who are sick and fragile and who don't need things exploding down the hall from them!
 
 Elena?
 I came to check on your brother. May I?
 
 If he's left unattended to, soon he'll start to bloat. Within a few hours, his skin will discolor, and 
 I need you to release the body to me. We'll get him to a funeral home and prepare him for a viewing where you and his friends can say goodbye to him.
 I'm bumping the A/C. We're not gonna be able to leave him in there for much longer.
 No. No, it never does. 
