 You remember me.
 But it was fun until then, no?
 Let's skip the 'how' and get to the 'why'.
 This wasn't mine to take.
 Hey, if you don't want it...
 It looks better on you, anyway.
 That's what the Travelers have always wanted.
 Luckily for you, I've never really considered myself one. I know you can see inside my mind...and I have my own agenda.
 Look, Silas. This phone is prepaid, and I don't have a lot of minutes.
 You saw him bleed out. You buried his body yourself.
 If this is the game, it's boring.
 Fine. Say Matt is still alive. What if he could help us to find Katherine Pierce? She's still your priority, is she not?
 I'll take care of it.
 I'm here to keep you safe from Silas.
 I know that he still wants you dead. You're going to need to trust me, okay?
 Vyjdou. 
 Gregor, I'm sorry, but Silas was going to kill you. Doing it myself was the only way to salvage the deal. I need his trust.
 You knew the stakes. It is why we put you inside the person with the invincibility ring.
 I will find a way to make this permanent, Gregor, because I love you, okay? And I will do anything, anything for you.
 Okay...but first, you will have to dial your friend Elena Gilbert and find out where Katherine is.
 I told her to pour him a drink or I'd kill her.
 Which one of you is Katherine Pierce?
 Katherine is a compulsive liar...but I need her alive.
 You really do look exactly alike.
 Do I have to knock you out, too?
 Ask me again, and I'll sew your mouth shut.
 What are you doing here?
 I'm not ready to hand her over yet.
 Get out of my head.
 You said you were hungry.
 Suit yourself.
 Silas the betrayer. Someone lived up to his reputation today.
 Wouldn't you like to know?
 It's too bad you lost the one thing that made you interesting.
 We'll see.
 Well, maybe you two will get back together.
 Cut to the chase, Silas. What do you want?
 So do I, which is why I took her away from you.
 You can have your brown-eyed bitch of a cure for immortality when I'm done.
 Aren't you immortal? What's a few more hours to you?
 Then, why don't you mind-control a whole town of people and find out where I'm holding her? Right. You can't.
 We'll eat lunch on the road. Let's get out of here.
 A little tip, woman to woman  don't offer to hand yourself over to the diabolical ones when you don't know the whole story.
 Silas needs more than just a sip to cure himself. He needs every last drop of your blood in your body.
 You die. Now come on. Let's go.
 I've been tailing you for five hundred years. There are a few things I'd like to clear up.
 You indulge me in some answers, and I will let you go.
 In 1864, there was a vampire round up in Mystic Falls.
 Word on the street is that you sold out many vampires, including your best friend Pearl and her daughter Annabelle.
 What about ripping a mother away from her daughter, having her killed for your own benefit?
 Now a little about me. I had myself turned into a vampire to hunt you, to even the playing field, to track your every move for however long it took me until I found you, and I did this because you killed my mother. It happened in Paris, 1645.
 Her name was Lily Atoma. You were on the run from Klaus. She took you in, but when his minions showed up, you pointed at my mom, and you said, "That is Katerina Petrova. She is the one you want." So they took her away.
 No, but I'd hate for you to die on an empty stomach. 
 Which means you didn't want me dead. You still want something.
 It was a test. You failed.
 I wanted to get under your skin, and it worked because here you are.
 It's not a game, Katherine. You did kill my mother, but it wasn't in Paris. It was in a little cottage in England, and it wasn't 1645. 
 My name...is Nadia Petrova...And you are my mother.
 You're a fool not to run. Silas will find you.
 I don't know. I was eight. Why?
 You went back?
 Well, that was pathetic.
 Leaving a message for a boy who  what's the American phrase  oh, is just not that into you?
 I'm looking for Katherine Pierce. I heard she was living here, so I checked your room.
 Do you know where she is or not?
 I'm not her friend.
 
 Katherine is my 
 Sit. You've been avoiding me.
 Sit.
 You hate junk food. You call it toxic poison.
 You've been avoiding me. I don't like it.
 We had a moment, you and I. There was a bond. I felt it, and then, nothing. You abandoned me all over again.
 We're not done.
 Already packed.
 I'm leaving, Katherine. I'm heading back to Prague, and I'd really like it if you came with me. We can go to Bulgaria, retrace our lives–
 I thought you never wanted to see me again? Why did you call me?
 This is ridiculous.
 Vyjde. 
 
 You were using me to get to her? Why? Why would you kill her?
 You're right. Gregor is dead. Happy now?
 Rot in hell.
 "Dear Nadia, sorry I had to kill your boyfriend, but it was the motherly thing to do. Suicide, however, not very motherly of me."
 That's for trying to kill yourself without saying goodbye.
 I get it now. If I was living here, I'd want to kill myself, too.
 In a moment of weakness, you eat chocolate or kiss the wrong boy. You don't jump off a clock tower.
 Okay. Then, what changed your mind?
 I'm listening.
 Of course I do. 
 You said my grandfather was a Traveler, which means your father was a Traveler. Therefore, you are a Traveler. We just need to find one who can teach you how to do the Passenger Spell.
 But it's in your blood, which means you have the ability to keep living inside someone else's body. Gregor was a Traveler. He put his spirit inside Matt so that even after his body died he lived on.
 
 
 
 We met on a little patio like this, remember? The twinkling lights, music. That was a fun night.
 Fine. Will do, but I need you to hold on to this for me. 
 It's not about you. I'm leaving Mystic Falls, and I need to know it's safe.
 I thought I could convince Katherine to live a little longer. I was wrong, but if she changes her mind, she will need this. That's all you need to know.
 
 Then you know what's like to hold on to the hope that maybe just once she'll do what you want.
 
 Mm-hmm. Assuming of course it's on your terms. Clearly Stefan inspired some profound thinking.
 And what do you think? Is he right?
 Hello?
 
 It doesn't make sense. I was just speaking with her. She sounded fine.
 Trust me. Katherine Pierce is not going to die of a heart attack.
 We both know my mother. She will fight this.
 Actually, I'm here to see all of you. I found a way to save my mother and I need some help.
 I figured as much, which is why I found that old safe your brother spent the summer drowning in and buried it on this property with your friend Matt inside of it. Oh – without this.
 I figured you two would be my volunteers.
 Matt will be freed once you help me get what I need.
 I need a traveler. Katherine was born into a traveler bloodline. She can make herself a passenger in someone elses body, if a traveler teaches her how to do it.
 We're here.
 Not just anyone's life...mine. I'm going to make her passenger in my body.
 Travelers don't have much, They're always on the move, but on the plus side, sometimes, their services can be bought. I found one who named the right price.
 I'm sorry, but they asked for doppelgängers. No idea why.
 I do.
 Just say it. Jaryakat a zem. Daryeet acza. Say it and it's done. Your spirit goes inside my body and Mia will activate it by calling you forth and you get to live.
 I know what you're going to say.
 You can't do this.
 Fine. Then go. Leave me. Drift off into oblivion, but I will not sit by your side and watch you die.
 Hello. Are you there?
 Talk to me. Did it work?
 Just compel him already.
 For now.. until I make it permanent.
 Mia says she needs your corpse.
 Be nice. Without Mia, you wouldn't be alive, or inside Elena's body, right now.
 Do you want to take control of Elena's body, or not?
 Get on the bed. Just in case Elena decides to show up while I'm out getting your body
 Because once Mia does the spell, Elena will be gone forever and that body will be yours for good.
 Because I'm here for Katherine's body.
 My mother asked to be buried with her family in Bulgaria.
 Tell me where she is.
 Hello Elena.
 Elena Gilbert happened.
 They're getting suspicious.
 We need to find your body.
 No. No way! You said it yourself... It's just a matter of time until Elena shows up again.
 This is NOT the right place for you to be around all her friends.
 This is different.. You're not impersonating Elena. You ARE Elena.
 When is her birthday? What grade did her and Caroline meet? Where did she kiss Stefan for the first time?
 How domestic of you.
 Did you find out where your body is, or not.
 A riddle?
 Well. Let's hope you are this time.
 Say your goodbyes. We can't have anyone following us.
 Let's get it over with.
 You never told me where you wanted to go.
 Once we complete the spell. Where should we start our world? Or...
 Elena... Vet...
 Mia...
 Just finish the spell.
 So that's it? It worked?
 Ugh. Was that necessary?
 Oh. She gave me the creeps anyway.
 If that's your way of thanking me, save it for the road.
 And what about me?
 I've searched for you for centuries. I'm not leaving now, but we both know you want more than mother-daughter bonding time.
 Well, I'd hate to be the person standing in your way.
 Are you happy? Can I leave now?
 You promised we would spend some time together. How long do you expect me to sit around the Mystic Grill like some sad, lonely bar fly?
 I didn't lure him, and I wasn't compelling him to forget everything. He's not a puppet.
 Ok. I'm hanging up now.
 I can hear you, you know?
 I'm sorry, but I was trying to save my mother's life, and I failed, so if you don't mind, I'd like to sit here and grieve in peace.
 Oh! Oh. My mother was so desperate for companionship, she compelled an entire town to be her friend.
 Oh, my God. Seriously?
 Drink, both of you.
 Whoo-hoo! Whoo!
 Hybrids pee?
 Who's Enzo?
 But you've heard of him.
 Thank you. Forget everything I've said since Tyler left.
 Are you seriously making a pros and cons list?
 Katherine!
 If Jeremy is in danger, Elena would do everything in her power to save his life. You know that.
 Listen. If you don't start acting like you care, they WILL figure out you're not Elena.
 Do you know where he is?
 Save him. Now!
 Think. Has Elena ever been worried that Caroline might steal Stefan away? Have they ever fought about him?
 So. You think Elena can win Stefan back?
 Forget we had this conversation.
 You're not going to tell him anything.
 If he follows us, I'll kill you both.
 Do yourself a favor and stop asking questions.
 The only thing easier than breaking your neck is taking off your magic life ring. Do you understand?
 I haven't decided yet. First, we need to get the vervain out of your system and then, we'll see.
 Nothing.
 Fine. Matt found out about you.
 Tyler gave him vervain.
 Katherine..
 He doesn't need to die. The vervain will be out of his system soon and I've kept him out of sight for the last two days, so he hasn't told anyone.
 I don't even know what that means.
 I thought you wanted Damon out of the picture.
 And what happens when you get too close? Too comfortable. What happens when you slip up. Will you kill your precious Stefan too?
 Relax. I'm not going to syrup you to death.
 What's canoodling?
 Did I give you my sunglasses? Oh.. I thought you said they wouldn't be home.
 Subtlety's not my strong-suit. I felt bad about compelling him; and bad about snapping your neck. Again, subtlety.
 Atlantic City. I'd never been and neither had Matt.
 I thought you said she'd be  cool with us hanging out?
 It means you've done nothing but judge Matt since he walked through that door, when everyone here knows that you're not exactly winning friends with your romantic choices. Isn't that right, Tyler?
 Why are you calling me?
 You want to make Stefan kill his brother? Dark. Even for you.
 Still working on it. Good luck with your plan to win Stefan's love.
 ...canoodling
 It's Katherine. I didn't expect mother-daughter boozy brunches.
 Are you going to play a card, or what?
 This isn't like that.
 Matt.. you'd say anything to help Elena. I'm not an idiot.
 Do you know why you find yourself making all those sandwiches? Because the second your mom walked back into your life, you forgot all of those horrible things that she did because at the end of the day, she's still your mom and you love her.
 Give me your wrist
 The vervain is gone. Our fun is over.
 What was that for?
 What the hell?
  It just sucks. You were the only decent person in this town.
  Forget everything you're not supposed to know. We partied, we slept together, then I left. Goodbye.
 Actually, I am and you're in my way.
 and they say blondes are dumb.
 You might not remember, Matt, but this is your fault. Trust me.
 You're chipper. That must mean Damon is dead.
 Sounds like you're going to get everything you want.
 Your secret is safe.
 You won't have to worry about me for much longer.
 Tyler Lockwood bit me.
 Good evening sir, If I can trouble you for a moment.
 I'm looking for someone. Her name is Katerina Petrova. She was last seen outside of London in 1492. She's on the run. I need to find her.. I need to ask her why she abandoned me.
 Please, I need to know.
 I was dreaming...of how I searched for you from village to village
 Not for a child without a mother.
 Did you ask Klaus for his blood?
 ...And you don't want to risk being outed...
 Get away from me!
 If I'd known I just had to die to drag your attention from Stefan, I would've tried it a long time ago.
 I'm just glad you're here now.
 And yet, he is desperate to see her. Just like her other friends.
 Money for information. I was told you saw Katerina Petrova kill a man in cold-blood outside the quarter of Versailles. I want to know if that is true. I want to know what kind of person my mother is.
 She's been on the run for 228 years.
 Perfect. I can make my peace with the universe.
 You should leave now, while you can. There is no point in trying to save me.
 You leaving?
 Be careful, they're all looking for you.
 That was fun.
 You must really trust Rebekah.
 Watch this.
 I'm going to steal her earrings, and you are not going to say anything. 
 I recognized her on the dance floor. I was hoping she'd know something about her brother Klaus's favorite vampire... Katherine Pierce. Maybe you've heard of her?
 Because she is my mother, and I'd very much like to meet her. 
 Katherine. Run.
 
 Gregor, I'm sorry I betrayed you. I did it for my mother. I did everything for her.
 Forgive me?
 I don't wanna die.
 I don't wanna die.
 What's gonna happen when I die?
 Will it hurt?
You came back for me.
 Did you find a way to save me?
You would have outed yourself.
 
 She's a liar and a murderer. She manipulates, she betrays...She'll do anything to survive.
 I'm looking for my mother.
