 Grove Hill PD. License and registration, please.
 Mr. Donovan. The good news is you actually have a valid license, which means at some point, you did learn how to drive. The bad news is, that can only mean you're swerving between lanes because you're drunk.
 
 All right, Officer Donovan, you're clear to go. But I can't let you drive yourself home.
 Sure you don't want to call a friend? That girl who does our turn-down service just left.
 I heard about your graduation... the whole freak mining fire thing? I can't imagine what it'd be like to lose half my class. Sorry you had to go through that.
 It's weird town officials didn't get FEMA involved, or at least increase emergency response. It's almost like everyone's resigned to letting the fires burn out on their own.
 Except if everyone sits around doing nothing, there's not gonna be a town left.
 Anyway, good night.
 Oh, and, uh, one last thing. What the hell did we find in your truck?
 So, crossbow... stake gun... wooden ammo... grenades filled with, uh...
 Vervain. Right. And you confiscated this stuff from a group of zombie apocalypse survivalists?
 Uh-huh. I heard Mystic Falls has become a nutball magnet for all sorts of supernatural thrill-seekers.
 No. You're free to go.
 He's your wallet, keys, and phone.
 PS, your MatchASingle.com notifications are blowing up. Lucky you. Mine's crickets. You can call me Penny, by the way. And, I didn't officially book you last night, so... You know, you're welcome.
 
 My friend Doug got a call from the Mystic Falls city planning office this morning. They said he should come reclaim his house today. Something about the fire-risk zone being reevaluated?
 
 First, tell me what's going on!
 What's going on?
 Oh, my God!
 
 If you're about to say "Penny for your thoughts," I'm gonna punch you in the face.
 I'm... processing. Just give me a minute.
 So... vampires are a thing. And Mystic Falls has always had vampires, but now it's completely overrun. Anything else I should know about?
 So, that's what the weapons in your truck were for? Fighting vampires? Are you crazy? What are you still doing in this place?
 You are 100% not who I thought you were. I mean, I thought you were cute. Maybe a little damaged, in a sweet way. But I didn't know you were insanely brave  emphasis on the "insane."
 What do you want?
 Oh God. You're a vampire.
 Shouldn't he be turning all gray?
 All the other ones turned gray. Unless, of course, you missed.
 
 Outerwear? That's your excuse?
 You saved our lives.
 What the hell did you do?
 So, there are good vampires and bad vampires?
 And this is a bad vampire, one that killed your sister?
 Because you're helping his brother... who's a good vampire?
 So, this good vampire... does he feed on people, too? Does he kill them?
 ...It's complicated?
 The thing is, I've just spent the last few days with you, learning about how much you hate vampires and what they did to your town.
 And yet, you just helped one of them take down a vampire-killing machine. That doesn't sound complicated.
 You're right. I don't. But, I do wonder how much of it you went through because you never took a real stand. At a certain point, it stops being the vampires' fault that the town is like this... and it starts to be yours.
 What were you looking at?
 Baseball score nothing or porn nothing? That was a pretty sketchy quick-close.
 I was kidding, but now I'm kind of intrigued. Come on. Show me.
 Is it, like, weird and freaky? I think we've reached the point where we can be open and honest about our browser histories. Let's see... ( she squeals as she tries to take the laptop from Matt. She is successful and Matt gives in.)
 What kind of freaky stuff you're into. to propose to her.
 Yes.
 I said "yes." Okay.
 First, it's a total home run. If you're trying to impress me, it worked. Second, you don't need to impress me. And I know you can't afford this on a deputy's salary.
 You got the promotion?
 So does "Mrs. Sergeant Donovan."
 Keep you hands where I can see them.
 A vampire. I know. (Stefan grunts as he pull the stake from his chest and he vamp-speeds away.)
 This is quite the mess, isn't it?
 Really? As screwed up as your life is, you're not even going to consider that I could be a ghost?
 I know. I know. You're a terrible shot. We established that years ago. How the hell did you get yourself into this one?
 That's the thing, Matt. You haven't really tried. So what do you want to do?
 Sorry, Matt. You don't belong with me, either. There's a better life for you out there. You just have to wake up and find it. Wake up. Wake up!
