 Who the Hell are you?
 Well, that's comforting, I guess.
 You're insane.
 No. Everything you're saying sounds crazy.
 You can take whatever it is and just go.
 Then how are you supposed to find it?
 I-I have no idea. Look, the only family I have is my son.
 A couple years ago, my grandmother died, all right? She left me a box of stuff.
 I don't know. I never opened it. Family's a bit of a sore spot with me.
 It's somewhere in the storage room. My son was looking for it a while back. Maybe he found it, all right?
 So, uh, what do you think?
 I'm doing what you asked.
 My son gave it to me. What difference does it make?
 I don't know what you're talking about.
 Don't lie to me, Matt.
 What are you doing?
 Why?
 N-No... Wha-What? What just happened?
 Wait, you're telling me you, you knew this guy?
 So Mystic Falls is overrun with supernatural creatures, and... vampires are real. They feed on human blood and can even control people if they want to. Okay, so why couldn't Damon compel me, then?
 A glass of vervain every day keeps the vampires at bay.
 Something your great-grandmother used to say when she was making tea. She was senile at the end, and... leaving her behind, that was the hardest part about leaving Mystic Falls. Look, Matt, I don't expect you to forgive me for abandoning you. I had my reasons at the time. They don't seem good enough now, not even to me.
 Hey, listen, Matt. Why don't you, uh... You know, why don't you take a walk? Let me do this.
 Hey, uh, somebody just dropped this off for you. Said he was from the Armory?
 Uh, Matt, you know, we can do this tomorrow. Or the day after, if you need time.
 Yeah, I guess I deserve that.
 How did it come to this? How did all this happen?
 What's all this?
 Try me.
 And he wants you to take over where he left off.
 Maybe he saw what I see in you now. That you're brave. And fearless. Impossibly resilient. And you got here all on your own. No thanks to me.
 Holidays are special. I convinced him he should stick around for the people he loves.
 Thanks.
  I told you. I gambled away lots of money. I cheated on my taxes for sure. I don't know what else you want to know.
 I was a kid.
 It was shame, okay? Just look, I was... I was ashamed. Kelly was pregnant again and I... I couldn't come back and be another toilet scrubber in this town, I had... I had to get out. 
 Whatever you want, look, I-I don't have it.
 Lady, I have no idea what you're talking about.
 I was ashamed! I had to get out.
 Yeah, I was out of town.
 No, not really. But it could have been inside the family storage box that Damon came looking for.
 Wait, hang on. Let me see that list. These are all parts of a bell. Neck, shoulder, lip, crown... They're metalworking terms. The measurements make sense.
 Yeah. The Maxwells used to be in the business of making church bells. That's how our family metalworks started, back in the day.
 Yeah.
 Oh, we did. Most of it was sold to the town of Mystic Falls, to try to pay off our family debt. Grandma, she... she liked the ponies.
 Why would she care about our church bell?
 Hey, maybe you should have told the sheriff's department what's really going on.
 All because she wants a bell. I've never heard of anything so insane.
 I was thinking about the parade.
 The Founders Day parade. You know, the one where they put the charter bell on a float, and some rich guy rings it while two dumbasses stand on either side of him wearing moldy Civil War uniforms? I was one of the dumbasses in the parade. Well, at least I was supposed to be.
 No, Matt, it's not just that. Our family made that bell. The Maxwell family. The very first family with a skilled trade that brought people to this area. It's because of us that there was ever even a town at all. But the people who took over the town, they had money, lots of it. They called themselves the "Founders," they made themselves the elite. And they treated the Maxwell family like... like an embarrassment. And, eventually, we became one. That bell was a symbol of everything they took from us. So the bell met the river. And I got in my car and I never looked back until now.
 Sheriff department. They said only one bus went out on a field trip today. There's a GPS link to that address. Here. Go, go!
 Hey... Hey, hey, listen. Look... you need to back away, okay? Hey. Hey!
 Here, go. Matt, look out! Go, go, go, go!
 That's good, very thorough.
 Matt. Hey! Hey, listen, what you, what you heard from me today, and over the last few weeks, those aren't excuses. They're details about the worst mistake of my life. Don't make the same mistake I did, son. Don't walk away from your family.
 Don't walk away from your family.
 Is this really why you brought me back? Huh, to kick my teeth in for something I can't change.
 Honestly, I try not to remember. I blame myself for what happened to her.
 I say let him suffer.
 Matt. What's going on?
 Stay away from him.
 Hey, just look, I don't know, can't you find a way to forgive Damon?
 Me running is the whole reason we're in this mess, Matt.
 Leaving you and your sister was the biggest mistake of my life and I'll be damned if I'll do it again.
 Maybe so, but if you wanna ring that bell, Matt, you're gonna have to go through me.
 What?! Matt. No. NO!
 I'm not laying a hand on you, son.
 I am so sorry, Matt.
 Just this morning. And look, I would have called ahead but I wanted to tell you in person.
 Hey, I, uh, I thought you were gonna give me a minute with him first?
 Okay, look, look, I know it’s sudden, but you gave me a second chance. Didn’t turn out so bad, right?
 I was hoping we could all get dinner tonight.
 Matt! I heard the bell. And then when they said we had to evacuate
 Wait, but if you're not the one ringing the bell, then then what's the problem?
 What?
 Vicki?
 Hi, honey.
 I'm not here to talk you out of it.
 We don't need you to stop.
 I just wanted to see my daughter one last time.
