 I'm sorry, what did you say your names were again?
 Sounds right.
 Should you?
 I'm afraid I don't know what any of that means.
 You wouldn't happen to have a cookie, would you? They only feed me through a tube these days.
 What was your name again?
 
 Mmm. I don't think you can really call me that anymore. Now I'm just an old woman in a dingy room, waiting to die.
 I was careless. The drive to kill... the drive instilled upon me by the shamans... it got a little scrambled in my old age. I staked a checkout girl at the supermarket. My mistake.
 Could you... help me with the cookie, please?
 I'm afraid your magic won't work on me. Now untie my hands before I crush your windpipe to dust.
 Who the hell are you?
 Yes, thank you. Have a nice life.
 What is that?
 "The Hunter's Mark."
 How come I can't see the real one?
 When do I get mine?
 No. I will not eat. Not until you teach me how to fight.
 
 Let me go with you.
 Strong.
 Stop!
 Let my father go.
 Do you know what happens to vampires who strike down one of the Brotherhood of the Five?
 If you kill him, you'll be afflicted with the Hunter's Curse. Plagued by madness and driven to take your own life.
 
 Father...
 I can't stop.
 Thank you.
 
 May I have my sword, please?
 Stop or the next one's in her temple. I don't care about you, or him, or her.
 Give me my sword, and I'll be on my way.
 
 Wait!
 I do not know what hell awaits you inside this Stone, but it cannot be worse than the one you have put me through.
 Yes, I did. Which means you owe me one. You ever heard of a vampire named Stefan Salvatore?
 Here's where we stand  I've killed five of your friends because they couldn't tell me where Stefan Salvatore was. I sure hope you can.
 You two, watch and learn. The key is to treat them like you would a wild animal. Respecting the danger, but recognizing that they're beneath you, and that they serve a purpose. For example, this one will provide information.
 Tell me everything you know about Stefan Salvatore, or I'll send you to Hell for eternity.
 Yeah, a stupid brother. Seems foolish of you to come back here.
 
 You buy a time share?
 Well, why don't you just let me kill your brother, then you can do whatever you want?
 Family, am I right? That's why you and I have to put our heads together and come up with a Plan B.
 
 Funny thing is... Family's the very reason this is my nature. My father envisioned a world without vampires. I will not rest until I see his vision through.
 
 
 I don't need a vampire matchmaker. But thanks.
 "Uh-oh" is right.
 He was a vampire.
 They were mine, too. They don't work out in the long run... considering I staked him.
 Go ahead. Run. I don't mind chasing a second Salvatore.
 
 Don't say I never offered you anything.
 Your brother's dead, no matter what. All you've done by saving my life is gotten yourself killed.
 Don't worry. I don't miss.
 Have a nice life.
 Ahhh. I don't know about you, but... I'm exhausted. I feel like there should be champagne or something.
 I'm totally not taking credit, by the way. I mean... you came to me. You were safe, in the wind. You played it smart. Then, you got dumb on me. What happened?
 I mean, okay, we know what happened. I took someone that you love. Damon... and Caroline. Guess that makes two people. Just out of curiosity, which one of them brought you here? Her, or him?
 Fine. Keep your secrets. You'll need something to keep you company in Hell.
 Or... there is a Plan B. But, I know how you feel about making choices.
 Yes. Because, believe it or not, I don't actually want to kill you, Stefan.
 Just take my word for it. I know you don't deserve that mark, but somebody else does. What if I were to tell you there's a way for me to transfer it to someone a little more deserving? It should have been Damon all along. You know this as well as I do.
 Sun's coming up, Stefan. Make your choice.
 Say yes, Stefan. You can stop running. You'll get your life back.
 Make sure he behaves.
 
 Nice try. Once I'm done patching myself up, I'm out of here... Because as much as I'd like to kill you first, my sword is on the move, and so is my target. I have to chase them both. My mystical nature calls.
 So weird, how Stefan ran away from your offer...
 
 Look at my arm. What do you see?
 I'm made up of regular flesh and bone. My body's 100% human. Even if I stay in good health, in sixty to seventy years, I'll toddle off to the big news station in the sky... Which means right around the time Elena wakes up, I'll be dead. So will you.
 Because if I die, you'll die. But I'm sure you already figured out that when you take the scar, you'll be giving up your future with Elena. You'll never see her again. A hero move. Nice.
 Okay. Gotta go.
 No such luck. Just me. I took Caroline's work cell, which you kept calling the other day. Wanted to check in on you.
 Don't hang up. There's still time for me to help you.
 You took my sword, genius. I need to get it back. If you didn't want to get chased, you should've stayed put at the news station.
 So you'd rather be first in line to go?
 I was... In my own way. This is going to sound strange, but... you grew on me while I was trapped in the Armory.
 You were the only distraction from my routine. Every day, while they were taking my blood and using it for their "research," I'd close my eyes and watch you. I could see where you were, what you were doing...
 I saw you travel the world with Valerie.
 I always know what my targets are up to. That mark on your chest? It's not just a scar, it's a... mystical connection. To me.
 
 The Armory doesn't have TV. What else was I gonna do?
 The point is, I know exactly where you are and what you're doing now. You're leading me to the Armory. You're hoping they'll provide an assist. But Virginia's a long drive from here  unless your car runs on something other than gas, you're not gonna make it there before I catch you.
 I'm gaining on you. I can tell.
 Really???
 You owe some guy a cube truck.
 
 Mystical connection, remember? Anyway, I don't blame you for doubting Damon. You always knew having him in your orbit might get you killed someday.
 
 That doesn't mean I like it. I actually think you're an okay person, despite what Matt thinks. That guy really hates you.
 He wouldn't let me out of my cell until I promised to put you back in the hell stone. Ouch. Want to talk about it?
 I'll catch you later.
 I want to finish our conversation.
 It hurts me to see you like this, Stefan. I mean, it really hurts me. Because of our connection, I can feel what my targets feel. Like when Matt set me free at the Armory. As soon as I touched my sword, I felt what it did to you.
 
 Not Valerie, not even Caroline  you wanted Damon.
 
 
 You almost gave me time to catch you. You just had to have Damon along for the ride again. Those three years he was in the coffin? Guess that was all the enjoyment you could take.
 
 You can see the cause and effect, right? You can see that you're in this bind because of the dumbass mistake you made waking Damon up?
 It's not me who cares. It's the Phoenix Stone. Its voice is in my head all the time. You have no idea how loud it is. It wants me to liberate you, Stefan. It is still trying to show you  the only way for you to be free is to let Damon go.
 You've ignored its wisdom before. Are you finally ready to leave Damon behind? Did today convince you?
 Now, remember that... and use it to survive in the hell stone this time.
 AHHHHHHHHHHHH!
 NOOOOOO!
 Matt? I need help...
 You're the only person that I trust.
 Yes, but 
 You don't understand! Those bitches destroyed the Stone! He's free. They're all free.
 I can hear them... All the voices...
 
 When you destroyed the Phoenix Stone, all the souls inside escaped. Scattered. And I can hear them. Alive. Every one of them.
 I burned all their original bodies, which means the Stone's prisoners are in random corpses. Vampire, human... it doesn't matter. The spirits fled, scatter-shot into the first dead piece of flesh they could find.
 He could be anywhere. He could be anyone.
 We have to hunt them all down.
 Your boyfriend should be the least of your concerns.
 You think I spent my life chasing harmless do-gooders? That stone was made for the worst of the worst. I've put down some of the most evil vampires of the last two hundred years.
 
 
 
 
 
 Did you say Memphis? We have to catch him.
 Just another serial killer that cannot be allowed to walk this earth. He should be staked and burned and sent to oblivion.
 Then this is where we part ways.
 
 Think it'll help?
 
 No. Don't stop...
 
 I would rather die than go back to the Armory. I'll strangle myself with this seatbelt if I have to.
 
 Wow. That's specific. Are we playing 20 Questions now? Great, I'm game.
 
 The Armory already tried. They failed. Magic doesn't behave like science. Don't shoot the messenger.
 This isn't a matter of idle curiosity, is it? You stole those pills and gave them to someone you care about. You know what would be a terrible shame? Is if that person were a witch...
 
 
 I already told Enzo I don't know how to help your friend.
 
 And what might that be?
 Not my definition of "favor"...
 I'm aware.
 What if you're wrong?
 If I give up my link to the Everlasting, I'll die.
 
 Prove it.
 Prove that you can kill the ones on my list-in-progress. Clear them from my head.
 When I can think better, I'll consider your deal.
 
 I'm sending you back towards Texas, where the Hell Stone got destroyed.
 Think of that as the... center of the blast. Vampire souls scattered out in all directions, landing every which way. I can see the places they go and the people they kill  things they see with their eyes.
 Your next target is in Richmond. Inside a bright, clean room.
 You will, as they come to me.
 I... I know it's not a lot to go on, but I'm hoping we can put together enough so that you guys can prove your effectiveness.
 Yeah, but I'm tired, you know? Multiple lifetimes-tired. You realize that in over a hundred years on this planet, I've never had even one day off. I just want a day without vampires. One free day where I can... feel the sun on my face, eat a cheeseburger, watch the ocean. Enjoy a few simple pleasures, for once. And then go to sleep.
 ...I'm seeing a lot of teeth.
 The effects of my blood can't be reversed.
 That would mean you just gave the girl you love a death sentence.
 And what might that be?
 Good-bye, Desmond.
 Considering I'm giving you my life, I figured it qualified me for an upgrade from the storm cellar.
 And when all the names are in the fire, you'll have a whole lifetime to do all of it.
 That's because you haven't lived seven lifetimes beyond your own. That's what I never understood about vampires. They seek out immortality like it's some kind of gift. Everything that mattered to me, love, family, happiness, I had all of that the first time, until it was taken away from me, and I've spent the last seven lifetimes longing for it.
 I'm ready to be done on this earth. I want to see my father again. I want to know love again. That's what I get out of it. Peace.
 Your magic's back.
 This will just make you sicker.
 This will only hide your magic for 24 hours. What about after it wears off?
 Now they're getting close, they're about to...
 What?
 Would you prefer I left Bonnie passed out on the bathroom floor? She all right?
 No, she took my blood to hide herself from any locator spells.
 Killing. (An Armory guard slices at a vampire, blood spilling over his face. The vision portrays a man falling, the vision filled with the man's screams. Rayna appears to be in pain.)
 You're welcome.
 When she wakes, she'll be just like me... full of hatred for you and your kind.
