 Oh, I always do.
 Careful, Mr. Salvatore. You're still wearing your date. She's lovely.
 Sorry to crash the fun, boys, but some of us actually came here to hear the music. Not you.
 It would take a lot more than a baby face like this to offend me.
 Sure. When you earn it. Now do Gloria a favor and stick a sock in it.
 A witch gave it to me. Supposedly it's magical.
 It brought me love, didn't it?
 Get off of me!
 Stefan, don't. He'll kill you. He's a lot stronger than he looks.
 Then go without me, I'm not your girlfriend.
 Don't listen to him, Stefan. Nik's an elitist.
 But not all.
 Well, we all had the chance to choose a side. I chose the right one, eventually.
 Stefan, don't be mean.
 That means he's here.
 Stefan!
 Go to hell, Nik!
 He'll be here any second.
 Not without Stefan.
 What did you do?
 I don't want to run anymore, Nik! All we do is run. I want to be with Stefan.
 Good-bye, Nik.
 Yeah, but I was hoping it would hurt more.
 Stefan...
 The original witch?
 Where's my necklace? What did you do with it? I never take it off!
 We need to find it, Nik. Now, I want it back!
 There has to be more to this dress.
 So women in the 21st century dress like prostitutes, then. You know, I got dirty looks for wearing trousers.
 And what is this music? It sounds like a cable car accident.
 People dance to this?
 And why are you so grumpy?
 I didn't lose it. It's just been missing for 90 years.
 So what do you think?
 I can always tell when you're lying, Stefan.
 I heard that.
 You left us.
 So use me. I only wore it for a thousand years.
 So where is it?
 Yes, a dead girl with dead friends, if I don't get my necklace back.
 My girl's dead. I'm bored.
 You're being mean. And why are you being mean? You used to love me.
 Why are you taking his side?
 Will you stop making me out to be a brat? I am not a brat!
 Fantastic.
 Where's he going?
 You're back. Finally. Nik went to check on the witch.
 Dreary, isn't it? The family cargo.
 Because he would hunt me down and kill me. He's a vindictive little bastard, my brother.
 Well, I hated him for a long time. It was exhausting.
 Also exhausting.
 What do you mean?
 No one in this world is truly fearless, Stefan. Not even Niklaus.
 I can't. Please.
 If Nik knew we were talking about this, he would...
 He told me about the girl you loved. The one that died. He also told me that you're only with him because he saved your brother.
 I think he secretly admires that about you. You'd sacrifice anything for family. Don't tell him I told you that.
 Do you think you'll ever love anyone like you loved that girl?
 I can always tell when you're lying, Stefan.
 Don't bother. Your kiss already gave you away.
 Something's wrong. He was asking about Michael. He's not with us, Nik. I can sense it.
 Oh, he lives.
 You took a beating. My brother's been breaking your neck all afternoon. Quite the temper.
 You can stop playing dumb now. It didn't take him long to figure out what you've been hiding.
 No, you just failed to mention that the doppelgänger's still alive.
 With any luck, ripping that cow's bloody head off.
 You really do love her, don't you?
 Consider me jealous.
 You two are adorable.
 You're Caroline, Elena's friend, which makes you Tyler. The werewolf.
 I'm the new girl.
 Hush now.
 Don't be an ass.
 So this is the latest doppelgänger. The original one was much prettier.
 We didn't have mobile telephones in my day. Would have made life a whole lot easier, I suppose.
 He's dead. Ish.
 Think of it as he's having a nap. When he wakes up, he'll be a hybrid.
 Ugh. Vomit.
 Is that my neck...
 Why is that doppelgänger bitch wearing my necklace?!
 Where is it?! Where's my necklace?
 She has my necklace. Look.
 Where...is it?
 You're lying!
 Make her tell me where it is, Nik!
 Don't be shy about it.
 Don't leave out the hard part, sweets. You'll only survive if your witch is successful. If not...You're pretty much dead.
 I wonder how she's doing.
 Tick tock goes the gym clock.
 Does that mean we can kill her?
 What?!
 So the doppelgänger isn't the problem. Her blood is the solution.
 How did you know?
 A thousand years in the grave and she's still screwing with you.
 Then you couldn't use her blood to sire yourself a new species.
 Is that what this is about? Your obsession with hybrids? You just don't want to be alone?
 Where's Stefan?
 He left me here. My brother actually left me here.
 Rebekah. Pleasure, I'm sure. Which one's my room?
 Rude. Both of you. I'll see to it myself.
 What about the Vikings?
 My name's Rebekah. I'm new. And history's my favorite subject.
 Sounds like you have an opening on the squad.
 I'm only interested in yours. Your spunk, your popularity.
 Maybe even your boyfriend.
 I thought Tyler would be here.
 When you're willing to give me the time of day again, then we'll talk. Until then, a girl has needs.
 What? No friends your own age?
 Is this supposed to be fun? I've been through 10 of these.
 Mmm. It's good.
 Well, I've been in a casket for ninety years.
 Why are you being so nice to me? You hate me. You should be mean.
 You're distracting me. Why?
 There's never a fair fight between us, Damon. Remember that.
 I have something for you.
 A little present.
 You sure? I think my brother would want his hybrid to indulge in everything life has to offer.
 Quiet, Niklaus! I am to have more concentration if I am not to slice off a finger.
 If I want to wield a blade, I shall wield a blade! Father need not know.
 That is because you always tell him.
 He frightens us all. That is why we stick together as one, always and forever. Right, traitor? 
 Here. You finish it. I am to help mother with the meal.
 It's just a little blood. Be a man about it.
 You! Goody.
 About what? Stefan? Don't worry, I'm off him until he starts treating me better. In fact, you should probably take a page out of my book, if I'm being honest.
 I should get back to the girls. Homecoming's right around the corner. 
 
 If you wake Mikael, we are all doomed!
 Why do you want to know?
 I need to get back to the girls.
 
 
 All right girls, have at it!
 Okay, now twirl please.
 I need a Homecoming dress. So, what do you think? Pick one.
 I said "pick one", Elena.
 There. It wasn't so hard, was it? 
 You do not threaten me. You'll learn what I allow you to learn. Is that clear?
 How fun is this...?
 'Course we should! Come on, like you've never wanted to snoop. 
 Ah...you really are no fun. What do you want to know?
 
 To us, they were just our neighbors. My family lived in peace with them for over 20 years, during which time my family had more children, including me.
 It was.
 
 Ayana, you burned me!
 
 Henrik!
 
 And that was the beginning of the end of peace with our neighbors..
 And one of the last moments my family had together as humans.
 You better get that. That'll be Damon checking up on you.
 Honestly, I don't get you two as a couple.
 I know exactly who he is. He's a vampire. We're a predatory species. 
 You haven't even heard half the story.
 The necklace wasn't Stefan's to give. It belonged to the Original Witch.
 Not just the hybrid curse. She's the one who turned us into vampires.
 I'm thirsty. Do you want a drink?
 What else would it be?
 My parents only saw a way of keeping their children alive.
 Pride...My father didn't want to run anymore. He wanted to fight and be superior to the wolves. Where they could bite, we had to bite harder. Where they had speed, we had to be faster. Agility, strength, senses...
 Because my mother was also a witch.
 The witch of the Original Family. The Original Witch?
 
 Am I? No, a witch is nature's servant; a vampire is an abomination of nature. You can either be one or the other, never both. My mother did this for us. She did not turn.
 She called upon the sun for life, and the ancient white oak tree, one of nature's eternal objects, for immortality. That night, my father offered us wine laced with blood. And then he drove his sword through our hearts.
 And he wasn't delicate about it either.
 When Nik made his first human kill, it triggered his werewolf gene. With that, he became my father's greatest shame.
 She tried to make it right. She put the hybrid curse on Nik to suppress his werewolf side, and then she turned her back on him. But Mikael's greatest weakness as a human was his pride. As a vampire, that was magnified. He went on a rampage and killed half the village. Then he came home and killed her.
 He said she broke his heart so he would break hers. He tore it from her chest as Nik watched.
 Afterwards, my father took off in a rage, and the rest of my family scattered. Nik stayed, so he could help me bury her. He knew I had to say goodbye to my mother.
 I know you think she hated you, Niklaus, but she did not. She was just afraid. I'm sorry she turned her back on you. I will never do that.
 We stick together as one. Always and forever.
 We're vampires. Our emotions are heightened. I'm stubborn, Elijah moral, and Nik...Nik has no tolerance for those who disappoint him. Over a thousand years as a family we've all made that mistake at least once. I've made it several times.
 He's my brother. And I'm immortal. Should I spend an eternity alone instead? You've heard the story, it's time to go. I said leave, Elena! I don't know what you're up to, but I'm no longer playing along.
 And I've given you a thousand! But you will anyway. I know you want him to help you kill my brother, I'm not stupid.
 Do what you need. Wake Mikael at your own peril. But make no mistake, if you come after my brother, I will rip you apart. And I get my temper from my father. Now leave!
 I thought I told you to leave. Twice.
 Nik was there. He told me.
 And how do you know that?
 Her necklace.
 No! No, he wouldn't.
 These mean nothing! They're just stupid drawings, done by stupid people who had no idea who my family was!
 Why are you doing this to me? I've done nothing to you!
 Shut up! Shut up! Don't talk anymore! Nothing!
 Hello Nik.
 It's true. He's finally out of our lives for good. I miss you. I'm miserable here.
 Good. I'll see you then, brother. 
 Finally. Took you long enough.
 Whatever fatherly rubbish you're thinking, save it. Nothing you say matters to me.
 Elena has it. So you can forget your plans to use it on me.
 Nik was my family. If you were after him, you were after me.
 I know what he did, and he'll pay for it with his life. But Nik was not born a killer- none of us were! You did this to us when you turned us into vampires! You destroyed our family. Not him.
 Embarrassing truth? This is my first high school dance.
 I never really had time for high school before. Nik and I were always moving around, running. Anyway- I didn't want to leave anything to chance. Have you heard anymore from him?
 And Damon and my father are all set with their plan?
 Don't tell me. I don't want to know, I just- I want to go to the dance and leave the rest to Mikael.
 Just be careful. I've been running for a thousand years for a reason. Mikael is not a good person and he definitely can't be trusted. No one in my family can.
 I've spent my whole life loving and hating my brother with equal measure. I never thought that I'd be the one to help drive a stake through his heart. No tears- I don't want to ruin my makeup.
 How do I look?
 My mother's necklace.
 Thank you.
 This is for our mother.
 I like what you've done with the new place, Nik.
 We're leaving you, Nik. Right after I kill that doppelgänger wench, then you will be alone. Always and forever.
 Mother?
 Drive much?
 Surprised? You drove a dagger through my back, Elena. It hurt.
 Elijah.
 You're pathetic. Both of you.
 Ah Kol, you know I can't be compelled.
 Here we go.
 Careful Caroline. It's all well and good until she stabs you in the back.
 Get over yourself Elena. It's not all about you.
 Of course she looks beautiful. Nik gave her everything she's wearing.
 Was that supposed to be a compliment?
 Caveman.
 Flirting with his ex.
 I'm not settling. I brought him here to kill him. He's Elena's friend. If he dies she suffers. But I've already been scolded once so I was hoping you'd help your baby sister out.
 The mayor cornered me. Give me fifteen minutes to lure Matt outside.
 You sound like an idiot, Kol. Mother would kill you if you ruined her party. See you outside.
 Just taking a break from the polite chit-chat.
 This is your car?
 Oh! I'm a vampire. We don't...Thanks. 
 About that, I, uh...I changed my mind. I don't want to ruin mother's night.
 You don't have to be rude about it. Just leave him be, okay?
 Hi. What are you doing?
 Well, I thought, maybe I'd buy you an apology drink.
 Look, I'm-I'm really sorry about Kol. He's a lunatic.
 Shut up, Damon. Knew I should have killed him. Mother wouldn't let me.
 Are you suggesting I can't be gentle?
 And who would that be?
 So, let's not make a big deal out of this.
 Besides, I expect you'll come calling soon enough.
 Get out of my way, Kol.
 If you don't shut your mouth, the next thing to come out of it will be your teeth.
 Don't start, Nik!
 Yes, please go, this house has enough men rolling around it in.
 Good riddance, both of you!
 Not you too, Elijah.
 She's been dead for a thousand years. What's strange for her?
 You know she fancies such things. Why don't you ask Finn? He's been doting on her.
 That's not true. And as for mother, she returned for one reason, to make our family whole. She loves us. What trouble are you looking to find?
 Going somewhere?
 Not much. Unless you try to run. In which case, I get to kill you.
 Alright, love, now look into the camera.
 Shooting a picture to inspire your boyfriends. Why don't you tell them how delightful it is being stuck in a hole with your biggest fan?
 You know, I don't know what I want more, to find out we're saved or to find out it's alright to kill you.
 Do you think I want to spend what could be the last few hours of my life having idle chit-chat with a girl who literally stabbed me in the back? Of course not. But for some reason, everybody seems to want to bend over backwards to save your life, which is incredibly annoying, but makes you the perfect hostage. So, why don't you sit down and shut up before I ruin everything by ripping your head off.
 You can't hide, Elena!
 Not sure why I'm feeling under the weather. Must be your boys trying to find a loophole. Won't matter, I could chase you down on my worst day.
 Boo!
 You little bitch!
 What is this?
 Elena! Let's pick it up where we left off.
 Thought I'd shake things up a bit.
 I prefer spontaneous. It's probably why Damon likes me so much.
 Here's what's gonna happen.
 You're gonna come outside. 
 The next match is landing on you. So, Elena, how does it feel to know that these may be your last moments? 
 You should be very careful what you say to me.
 Do you want it? Is that your last request?
 Here. It's all yours.
 Spare me your pity, Elena. We're not girlfriends. Want me to prove it? Just say the word.
 And why is that?
 The tough act doesn't suit you.
 You can come out now. Seems your boys took care of the problem.
 Damon turned your witch friend's mother into a vampire.
 Quite clever, actually. They needed to sever the witch line and, well, you can't be a witch and a vampire. In any case, you're free to go. Oh and, uh, by the way, you were right. I do prefer taking my time watching you suffer. Much more satisfying.
 Where the bloody hell is everyone?
 Where's mother?
 What do you mean?
 Elena is hardly innocent.
 You did it to protect us, Elijah, and rightly so! We deserve to live! We are better than they are.
 I hated you when I learned you killed our mother. But I realize now that after a thousand years together as a family, you're the only one who never left me.
 There's something I need you to see.
 Look at the images on the wall behind Elena. The Natives told the story of our family history, look at the images on the far wall.
 A Native worshipping at the Great White Oak tree.
 Look at the markings that precede it. That's the native calendar.
 A White Oak tree, three hundred years after we fled back to the Old World. There must have been a sapling, a new tree to replace the old. That tree could kill us. It's not over, Nik.
 Thank you for meeting with me, Mayor. I figured as head of the Preservation Society, you'd be a good person to ask about the oldest trees in this community.
 I've been to the Founders' archive, but I can't seem to find any record of the tree I'm looking for.
 Do you happen to know who kept the milling ledgers during that period?
 Which Salvatore would that be?
 So, Zachariah Salvatore was your nephew?
 And, uh, your family owned the logging mills back then?
 I'm just researching the town history. I grew up here after all.
 Not enough liquor in the world.
 So, did they ever catch the killer?
 Maybe it was a vampire.
 I knew a Sage once. Trashy little thing.
 So, uh, tell me more about your old relatives. I heard they tore down half the woods to build this town.
 That's a bit sexist. A woman could easily kill a man, with the right motivation.
 Why are you so grumpy?
 You know, you were a lot more fun in the '20s.
 Ouch. 
 You know, if I'm being honest, you didn't seem like much fun either, Damon.
 That sounds like Sage all right.
 She was obsessed with my brother Finn, over 900 years ago.
 So he doesn't want to drink human blood?
 Funny. When I knew him in the 20s, he didn't have any conscious at all. One of the things I liked most about it. Can't possibly think he can survive without feeding.
 What can I do?
 You know I will.
 This is rubbish.
 The night's just getting started.
 You're a real arse, you know?
 Look what the cat dragged in.
 She always was quite common.
 What are you doing here Sage?
 Mmm, Finn, you just missed him. He left town and didn't tell a soul where he was going.
 Or quite possibly he forgot all about you.
 No? Cause he didn't seem to mention you. Sorry you came all this way for nothing. Have a nice life.
 We're talking now, are we? Cause you were quite rude the other day, using me to help you with Stefan and then shooing me away like a stray dog.
 You were mean.
 No, I don't.
 Maybe a little.
 Not a chance in hell.
 I stole it from Nik who stole it from a Queen. Not sure which one. Well this is depressing. What happened to the party?
 What about her?
 A white oak tree. There must have been a new tree to replace the old.
 Do you happen to know who kept the milling ledgers during that period?
 Your grand plans always seem to get ruined, don't they? Sorry to disappoint you. Again.
 Let's not make this any worse than it has to be, darling brother.
 At least he's not trying to make us extinct.
 Gather your witch. Let's get his blood and get on with it.
 What do you know, true love prevails.
 I have something to do. What do you need from me for this spell?
 I have some unfinished business with Damon Salvatore. Ask Sage what he did to me. Then you'll understand why retribution is in order.
 Hello lover.
 I found them in the shed. What kind of monster would trap a poor, defenseless animal?
 You pretended to be interested in me and then you slept with me so your trampy friend, Sage, could steal my thoughts. Ever since then I felt this incessant need to one-up you. So I've decided to bleed the vervain from your system.
 Actually, I'd rather compel you to kill your brother. Or Elena. But, since vampires heal, bleeding you may take a while. We should probably stick to the major arteries.
 I'm perfectly capable of inflicting pain, thank you very much.
 You know, why don't you just leave me be and go and manage your witch?
 Hmm, where were we?
 It's not fun when someone messes with your thoughts, is it?
 Mmm, well I hope you were nicer to Elena than you were to me.
 Aw, leaving so soon?
 Thank you, Bonnie. See you in physics class.
 That's impossible.
 You killed my brother?
 Nik, he's my plaything not yours.
 You really shouldn't have lied.
 This is ridiculous.
 I brought him here. I get to release him. My rules now. Bring us the stakes and you both live. Take your brother as a sign of good faith.
 I can't believe Finn is dead.
 He was still your brother. Mind your tongue.
 Is that how you would speak of me if I died?
 The Salvatores may fight like dogs, but in the end they would die for each other. At least they know what family means. You destroyed ours.
 So are you leaving?
 And if I choose to stay?
 Too flashy, people. It's supposed to be speakeasy, not the World Fair.
 Ah, good, you're here. I need help setting up the tables so, get to it.
 Somebody has to be in charge.
 So, you'd rather dress in tacky colors with bad hair than be a classic flapper from the jazz age? Honestly, I don't know what my brother sees in you.
 
 Go on, Matt, don't be a coward. You know you loved my 20s idea when I presented it to the group.
 See? It's just cooler.
 Okay, spill. Why are you being nice to me?
 Not just that, I mean, helping me with the dance and then standing up to Caroline. I don't buy it.
 The whole gentlemanly thing. After everything my family has done to you. What are you up to?
 You're right. I'm probably gonna organize the whole dance and then have to compel myself a date.
 Good bye, Matt. Thanks for the ride.
 Mother.
 Give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.
 How are you dying? I thought Ayana preserved your body with a spell.
 Well, if you've come to spend your last moments with your loving daughter, prepare to be disappointed. You should have spent less time plotting my death.
 And yet you still tried to kill me.
 But I haven't lived at all.
 She's dead.
 I'm gonna take him to the caves. You're gonna go inside and fetch me the stake and if you think you're gonna hide, you're wrong.
 Go get it. You know I can't get in.
 Are we bargaining now? Fine. What's your offer?
 Tenuous, but points for effort. You see, I don't want one Original to die.
 I want them all to die.
 It was easy to fool Niklaus, but I thought you of all people would understand. After all, my son did use your body at one point.
 No. My name is Esther and we have a great deal in common.
 He bailed. Got called into work at the last minute.
 Yes, and you're late. Clean up committee started at eight o'clock.
 Exactly. I managed to turn up on time and I didn't even get to attend the dance that I organized.
 I'm sorry about your teacher. He seemed like a nice guy.
 I'm gonna get started on the gym.
 You're supposed to be dead.
 Alaric Saltzman just tried to kill me.
 Well, he's not and he's a vampire thanks to mother's spell with a white oak stake that can't kill him. He's strong, Nic. Too strong.
 He's stuck at the school without a daylight ring, but as soon as night falls he'll come after us. We need to leave now.
 Forget Elena! You don't need any more stupid hybrids!
 We'll protect each other, like we always have. Always and forever, Nic.
 I'm leaving now. You can either walk out that door with me or you are on your own.
 Fine. Trust your hybrids over your family. Let your spite be the death of you, see if I care.
 Move it, sire boy!
 Damon! Damon, where are you?
 Damon, this isn't funny.
 No!
 No! No! No!
 He's gone, Elijah. There was nothing I could do to stop it.
 I thought he did.
 It wasn't me, Elijah. It was Niklaus, I'm sure of it.
 You're alive. Congratulations.
 Elijah spoke to Elena. Her and Matt should be arriving back in town any minute.
 That's the problem. Elijah says we have to run, that the hunter will keep coming after us, but I don't want to run anymore, Stefan. I spent my whole life running.
 I'm sorry, but Klaus is dead. There is no deal. If my brothers and I are going to survive, we need to get rid of Alaric and the only way to get rid of Alaric...
 You should know better than to sneak up on a lady.
 Tragic about Elena. Not to make a grey cloud greyer, but does Matt even have automobile insurance?
 The Council? What exactly do they think they can do to me?
 What the hell happened?
 Wait, what about me?
 No. That's not possible!
 I thought I killed you.
 They thought you were a vampire, so they stuck you in here with us.
 Ahh, I see what's going on here. You died with vampire blood in your system and you didn't feed and now you're locked up in here without a drop of human blood in sight. That is a problem.
 Has anyone done the math or shall I? I'd say you've got less than three hours to feed before I get to watch you die all over again.
 My day just got a whole lot better.
 Will you shut up?!
 Excuse me? Hello, sir?
 Here's the thing, my family we – we have money, castles, apartments, jewelry; just name your price and let me out.
 How dare you save Caroline over me!
 You left me!
 So you can create your hybrid family? You don't know anything about family!
 I mourned you! My heart broke thinking I'd never see you again!
 It's always been me! Not Finn, not Elijah, not Kol, me! I loved you through everything and you don't even care!
 You want your family?
 Here's your family!
 Morning, everyone.
 So, I'm throwing a little anti-curfew party at my new house. Starts at fifth period and goes 'til whenever. Spread the word.
 You're welcome to join, Elena, if you'd like to bury the hatchet.
 
 He didn't kick me out, I left.
 Well, your boyfriend liked me once. 
 Well, history's my favorite class. Actually, where is Mr. Saltzman...?
 
 What's wrong, Elena? Getting hungry?
 But she's so delicious.
 It's my school now. My life. Maybe you're the one who shouldn't be here. And I couldn't help but overhear that there's a vampire hunter roaming the hallways.
 How inconvenient for you.
 See you in gym. I think it's dodgeball day.
 Hey, Matt.
 So, I'm having a little party. You should ditch last period and come.
 Look, I know you're still angry I ran you off the bridge, but you have to understand  Alaric killed my brother. He was trying to kill me. I had to do something to stop him. I never wanted to hurt you.
 Like something wicked this way comes? I know, right? It's like this town's cursed or something.
 Did I forget to uninvite you?
 
 Get it yourself.
 
 
 Whatever it is, it's not the white oak stake, so it can't kill me.
 I'm surprised you came to my party.
 I just. I needed a minute. Did everyone leave?
 Why are you still here?
 Hey, uh, if you want, I could...I could help you look into what happened with the fire at your farmhouse.
 
 The key to your new truck. It's parked outside, paid for, insured, everything but a big red bow.
 Last I heard you were leaving town, forever.
 What do you want Nik? I thought I was dead to you.
 Doubt that.
 What?
 We don't have anything to do. There is no we. I don't care about The Five and I don't care about you.
 Sorry, family drama.
 Is it so hard to believe I would have one?
 Hey, off limits! I have dibs.
 Yeah, I bet, but don't help him, he'll just betray you. It's what he does.
 Why? You hate me more than he does.
 And what's that?
 Why would you do that?
 Well, what if I don't care what you or anyone else thinks?
 Is this a trick? How do you know he's one of the Five? Where's his bloody tattoo?
 I'm not eating until you apologize.
 You broke my neck.
 Because you took me for granted.
 I'll take it under consideration.
 Not just any weapon.
 Fat lot of good a tattoo's gonna do, if we can't see it.
 How do you read these symbols?
 I have and I would like that very much.
 What is that?
 Do you really believe they're all so evil they must be put down?
 How was I supposed to know?
 What happened?
 Nik, I had no idea.
 Nothing. Nothing.
 
 
 A cure. He said there was a cure.
 He's telling the truth, Stefan.
 Well, now we have the map, what do we do next?
 But, I haven't, instead I stayed with you and let you leech every moment of happiness from my life! You know, at least I fared better then Finn, Klaus left him daggered because he was tired of his judgment.
 You want the cure for Elena, don't you? So you can go back to mass producing your hybrids. That's why you brought Stefan here, because you knew that he'd help you even though he hates your guts! You know what? You can shove your cure.
 I got your message. I'm sorry. I know you wanted my help; he just makes me so angry.
 I wanted it back then. The cure. I was willing to leave behind my family for it.
 Would you take it if you had the chance? Or is it just for Elena?
 The humanity switch.
 I envy that. You and Elena. I envy the love you have. I really did believe Alex when he said he loved me. He promised we'd be married. We even picked out a church. San Vittore in Brienno. I know you want my help, Stefan. But I just can't do anything that lets my brother get what he wants.
 I buried him. Even after everything. I laid him to rest in the place where we were to be married. What kind of hopeless fool does that? 
 Go right ahead. Laugh at the girl who loved too easily. But I would rather have lived my life than yours, Nik. No one will ever sit around a table telling stories about a man who couldn't love. Do it. Look me in the eye and do it, you coward!
 Do it!
 No, but it was fun.
 Sorry, not allowed.
 Why don't you take a seat? The rest of the class will be here shortly.
 Guess who? I'm back, dagger-free, and I'm holding Elena hostage at the high school. Just thought you should know.
 I'll be asking the questions today. See you soon.
 Hello, Stefan.
 The same thing I wanted when you helped Niklaus dagger me.
 I hope you're not waiting for Caroline to show up and stake me...
 ...because I already found her.
 Did I say you could move?
 Class is in session. You've all been compelled; you know the rules. Answer my questions honestly, no disobedience, no one leaves. April, my sweet, take notes. This is how you get answers in this town. Let's start with a little quiz. In the year 1114, my brother learnt, thanks to yours truly, about a brotherhood of vampire hunters with tattoos that grew with each kill. These tattoos revealed what, Elena?
 Which led to...? Caroline?
 Perfect, so we're all caught up. Stefan Salvatore, the last time we saw each other, you had a vampire hunter, but in order to decode the map, you needed the location of the hunter's sword, which you got out of me using some very dirty tricks. Assuming you found the sword, you also found the cure, and yet, you're all still vampires, which means something went wrong.
 What are you doing?
 I wasn't being literal, darling. But now that you mention it...a flow chart would be nice, which means index cards and push-pins. Go, fetch.
 So, you just gave up? I thought you would do anything to save Elena? Even if it meant taking the cure yourself, so you could grow old and die with her?
 Why do you look so surprised?
 I'm missing something. What is it?
 Broke up? Wait, I'm confused. I thought Elena was your epic love, Stefan?
 I asked you what happened. You have to tell me.
 So, vampire Elena is a trollop who likes bad boys, which explains why Stefan reeks of alcohol. But what it doesn't explain is why sweet, loving, innocent Elena could be so heartless towards Stefan.
 How could she hurt you like that? Answer, please.
 A sire bond. That's fascinating. And what do you think about that, Elena?
 You're hiding something. Fess up.
 You're right. We got off the point. Stefan, how do I find the cure? Unless, you'd rather talk about Damon and Elena all day.
 Thank you. And, uh, where do I find this professor?
 I heard, and you're keeping all that rage bottled up inside. Caroline's worried sick about you.
 Hello, Tyler. I heard my brother made a real mess of your life. Believe me, I can relate. You have my condolences. In fact, why don't you come down to the high school so you can accept them in person?
 Because I have your girlfriend. Maybe you have a better shot saving her than you did your mother. Bye now!
 Kol, finally. Did you bring what I asked for?
 You must be Shane.
 Where's the cure?
 Right. Well, we'll just have to do this the old-fashioned way.
 Beat him until he tells you where to find it.
 Still glued to your seats? Ahh, it's thick with tension in here. Let's spice things up a bit. Elena, truth or dare?
 Truth or dare, Elena. You're compelled. Answer.
 I dare you to tell Stefan the truth about Damon.
 Makes you happy? Clowns make you happy, Elena. Dig a little deeper.
 And how do you feel when you're with Stefan?
 She can't, she's compelled.
 Do you still love Stefan?
 Are you still in love with Stefan?
 Did that hurt? Having someone you love drive a dagger through your heart?
 Did...that...hurt?
 Welcome to the last 900 years of my life.
 Ah, good, you're here. It was just getting depressing.
 Listen to the rules carefully. Stay in the building, no vamp-running in the hallways.
 Turn.
 That's the whole point. I've exhausted all your knowledge. Now I have the professor to help me find the cure, you're just competition. Whoever finds it first gets to decide what to do with it. Use it, share it, destroy it, save it. I want that to be me.
 Yes, you will. Turn.
 You're human. Why do you want it anyway?
 Stop!
 He's of no use dead.
 Silas does not exist. He is a-a fairytale made up to scare children into eating their vegetables.
 You're the one who got the council blown up.
 You killed my only chance at finding the cure.
 How did you get that?
 Why are my least favorite people always the most durable?
 You're still protecting her. Must I rip your bleeding heart from your chest and show you the scar tissue that is Elena Gilbert? 
 Excuse me?
 No. That'd be far too easy. I refuse to make you forget her the way Klaus made you forget me. 
 You called me. Should I be checking for hidden daggers?
 More than anything. I want to ram it down Niklaus' throat and look into his eyes as he realizes he's mortal again. But Shane's dead, and you are useless. So, I'm right back where I started.
 But I watched Kol impale him.
 You didn't have to tell me that. Why am I really here?
 Well, if you really want the cure, you should know that Shane has an agenda, and it's a dark one. He said he organized dozens of people to die in sacrifice, he admitted to the council explosion where twelve people died, and I'm guessing it's not a coincidence that twelve hybrids died at the hand of my brother.
 Proudly.
 We? There is no 'we', Stefan.
 So is writing in your diary apparently. I'm just checking for doubts. You can never be too cautious when it comes to love. One minute, you're begging me to compel Elena from your mind, and the next, I'm up coffin creek with a dagger in my back.
 
 
 Actually I have a plan. The cure is buried with Silas, that ancient evil guy my brother Kol is afraid of. Shane was so eager to prove his existence that he gave away that he has one of the keys to resurrecting him, his headstone.
 Yes, and then Team Shane will have to join Team Rebekah, and Team Klaus will be left out in the cold where he belongs.
 Don't ripper out on me. We'll find it. Oh, you're all bottled up. You need a release. Maybe we can find a voodoo doll or something.
 Ah, this should do the trick. Exactly what you need. 
 What happened to you? You were so much fun in the twenties.
 You may have been a killer, but you were far from emotionless, Stefan. 
 Thank you, so now that we've established that fun is, in fact, possible, maybe you'd like to start having some? 
 
 I enjoy other cultures, Stefan. I know that might be hard for you to understand, considering you dated a child who only thinks about herself.
 
 I did. It's the only way you'll learn. It took me a thousand years and hundreds of betrayals to realize that love, and caring, ruins you.
 Quite the opposite. It's liberating actually. You know why we had so much fun in the twenties, Stefan? Because we didn't care. We just did what felt good   drinking, feeding, sex. 
 You were hardly the model of sanity.
 Stop...caring. 
 Good. You found it. 
 All you have to do to make it stop is tell me who sent you. 
 He was after the headstone. We need to know who sent him.
 That's not a bad idea.
 So he does know something.
 Was it my bastard brother or yours?
 
 Rescued him from his old, dull life, but it keeps calling. Stefan's not in the mood to talk right now.
 Well that is an interesting predicament. For both of us.
 Going somewhere? I would if I were you. If Damon kills the hunter, Nik will not be pleased.
 
 If I do, Damon's compulsion ends and this is all over.
 This family was ruined long before we knew about the cure.
 Kol!
 He was going to kill me!
 Burn in hell. 
 Sure. Just barge right in.
 
 The headstone?
 Someplace safe.
 Well, considering that you've betrayed me twice, and I've betrayed you never, I think I'm acting prudently. Especially since we have no idea why that guy was looking for it. Did you work things out with Elena?
 Nope. Just trying to figure out why you're here.
 
 This is my place, Nik, and I don't appreciate you invading my privacy like some kind of creeping Tom.
 He tried to kill me last night. I didn't forget.
 Oh, poor Nik. How ever will you get your way without your precious daggers? They were so handy when you wanted to end a conversation with one of us!
 Mhm, and leave myself unprotected? You can file that request under 'no chance in hell.' Be gone by the time I have showered. Lurkers aren't welcome here.
 The colors, the fabrics...The eighties were just...tragic. You know, I think shoulder pads rival 17th-century puritan smocks for crimes against fashion.
 Aye. Are you asking me to a date?
 So why are you here? Back for more dagger talk?
 It's called a healthy skepticism. I know you were trying to sneak out this morning. I'm not stupid.
 Do you regret it?
 Do you want it to happen again?
 Even if I don't give you the dagger?
 Don't give me that innocent look. You've done plenty to me in the name of getting what you want. Well, I guess I should pack up these racks. Just another failed attempt at getting to a high school dance.
 I don't. I was just bored.
 Not if it's canceled, we can't.
 I think I saw a horror movie that started just like this. Did you know they play movies on TV all night long now? Hundreds of them. So much better than those silly black-and-white picture shows we used to go to.
 I'll let you pick. Nothing cheesy.
 Funny. So is everything about the eighties so...excessive?
 So it was a decade of sentimental drivel, as well?
 
 That better not be a corsage. I loathe corsages.
 This song is not as terrible as the other ones.
 What's going on with you? You're...fun tonight.
 So, you slept with her, too?
 Until Elena?
 That look right there? That is why I don't let myself care.
 Don't worry. I'll protect you if Kol tracks his way to this abandoned dance.
 I think I'll choose the next song.
 Well, are you coming?
 This is ridiculous.
 What is fun about hurtling down a hallway like a teenage imbecile?
 This is what you want, right?
 Go ahead, take it. You're right. I do care. I want stupid koala corsages and a prom. I want to have kids with someone who loves me enough to stand outside my window with a stupid boombox. I want to be human. So let Klaus put down my brother. Let's go find the cure.
 I don't believe you. Kol's not dead. He can't be.
 So you knew? This whole night, you knew?
 Why would I trust you?
 You're perfectly capable of tying a knot.
 She killed my brother, tried to get you to put a dagger in my back. She's lucky all she's getting is the evil eye.
 You know I don't care, right?
 Go ahead, try and kill me. But then you'd have to face your real problems. Like the fact that Stefan invited me here, himself. I guess he likes me again.
 So then leave. Out of everyone, your presence is the least necessary.
 I'm merely stating the facts. Jeremy has the spell on his body. Bonnie is the witch that unseals the cure. Shane is the human compass. You and I have the tombstone, which does god knows what. And Elena has no point.
 You have a nice behind.
 Well, tragic for them, brilliant for us. Who sleeps where?
 Well, seven of us and no one thought to bring s'mores. What are you doing with that?
 Did you hear that? I swear this place is haunted.
 
 Which is precisely why you should stop teasing me. I'm very powerful. What are you gonna do when Elena becomes human and comes running back to you? You said that you'd take the cure to be with her. You'd have children and grow old. Is that still true?
 Isn't it obvious? It's all an act, Stefan. Being a vampire is miserable. I would give anything to be human. Normal.
 Why don't you yell louder? Maybe we haven't drawn enough attention to ourselves already.
 I'm stronger than you and faster than you and I'm quite certain I can charm the islanders a lot easier than you.
 I tried to be her friend, but somehow, I ended up with a dagger in my back because I'm the evil one.
 Thank you.
 I don't care what happens to you either way. But if you're gonna die, it might as well be epic.
 It all looks the same to me.
 Thanks, but that wouldn't have killed me.
 Don't be a tease. Elena could be lurking somewhere in the woods.
 
 You all seem to forget that Elena's death was the only way to save my family. I did the same thing that every one of you would've done to protect the people that you love. And before you cast me as the bad guy, maybe you should remember that Elena's helped to kill not one, but two of my brothers. Maybe we're not as different as everyone's making us out to be. Jeremy's not here. I'm going back.
 Oh my god. 
 Where's the tombstone? What have you done with it?
 Like it's not bloody obvious? All you people ever do is betray me and here you go again!
 Was any of this real? Or was it just a ploy to distract me while Shane ran off with the tombstone?
 Fine. You didn't take it. But that doesn't mean I trust her.
 Don't you get it, Elena? There is no peace. We're all screwed.
 He'll never give up the sword.
 He will never give up the sword, not even for Caroline. He's terrified we'll use the cure against him to make him mortal, and even if he wasn't, he wouldn't want any of us to derive a moment's worth of happiness from being human.
 Hello?
 Got it. Thanks.
 
 
 
 
 
 I don't know. We lost the signal. Come on, this way.
 
 Are we doing this again? I thought we were a team?
 There's something you should know about the cure.
 There's still hope for one of us. But even if I felt pity for you, if I wanted to ease your pain so I gave you the cure to take for yourself, you'd give it to Elena, wouldn't you?
 That's what I thought. Well, I'm sorry that it couldn't work out the way that we all wanted it to.
 You know he can't hurt me, Damon, unless he's got the white oak stake.
 You're alive.
 Why didn't you go with them?
 You gave up, didn't you?
 
 
 Where is it? The cure? I know someone has it.
 Katherine? The doppelgänger?
 I didn't say I was going to miss him, but I'm not heartless. He was Elena's only family.
 We need to find Katherine.
 Do you think Bonnie is dead?
 I don't like being out in the open like this.
 No.
 I'm not a scaredy cat. My brother Kol drove himself mad worrying about Silas rising. It would benefit us all to be a bit concerned, and you're one to talk about being afraid. You're so scared, you're 1,200 miles away from where you're supposed to be.
 Stefan could've done that. Aren't you Elena's current love? It's so hard to keep track these days. Shouldn't you be home comforting her, or are you terrified of being there when she realizes her brother is dead?
 Ow!
 Sorry. I had to dig the arrow out of my spine. Thank you for that.
 He's right. You can't kill him, but that doesn't mean we can't tear him apart piece by piece, nerve by nerve until the pain is so severe, that your brain shuts it off to give you one tiny moment of blessed relief, and then we'll heal you and do it again and again and again.
 Thank you.
 How?
 We've got a lead on the cure, Damon. I'm gonna find it, but I suppose you don't mind. You never wanted Elena to be human again, anyway.
 Killing Silas is your supernatural destiny, not mine. 
 
 Blast it. 
 Well, I was looking for answers, and all I found was your Professor Shane, dead, and with him, anything anyone knows about the cure.
 Oh, I'll get the cure. I just need Katherine, and I'm betting you can help me find her.
 
 Why exactly would you think a sick vampire would check into a hospital?
 Impressive. You're like Sherlock Holmes with brain damage.
 It looks like our vampire gets around.
 Who?
 This better not be a wild goose chase.
 Really? Why? I heard your little chat with Stefan. I know Elena's broken the sire bond. So why would you wanna find the cure? You'd just cure her back to loving your brother. I think you're best off leaving it for me.
 Well, nobody could ever mistake you for subtle.
 You know, I just don't see how this increases our odds any.
 
 What are you hiding? I know you knew that vampire.
 You killed him to prevent me from finding Katherine to keep me from getting the cure.
 And what would that be?
 Following a lead without me? Poor form, Damon.
 I have to say I'm a little hurt, Damon. 
 Damon's following a lead to the cure. I'm following him. Notice your name never came up.
 Right. So you drove 7 hours to New York City?
 Well, she sounds dreadful.
 So you really buy all this?
 Well, let's not say things we don't mean.
 
 Do not tell me she took you to Bon Jovi concerts, too.
 
 And what if you can't? I mean, he is stronger than you. You know, I could help you. You want the cure off the table, I wanna take it. We could work together.
 I hated the moral, self-righteous version of you, but this one's not so bad. Maybe it's your new haircut.
 Because someday, I want a family of my own.
 
 
 What was that you said about handling things yourself?
 
 
 And that's my fault? You are the one who stole the list of Katherine's possible whereabouts, did you ever think that Damon had bad information?
 Too bad. We're not done. Get in, next town.
 We're not here for a pub crawl, Elena! I want the cure, Katherine has it. We don't stop until we find her.
 
 So how do you know Katherine?
 So everyone here knows Katherine?
 
 Okay.
 I couldn't agree more. You've chosen a beautiful place to die.
 You're not going anywhere.
 I'm surprised you remember me at all, seeing as though you were so busy wedging yourself between my brothers.
 
 Oh, I get to torture it out of you. Fun. 
 The question is, why do you want it? Let me guess, to kill Niklaus?
 I didn't think you did. But I'm sure there's something in that, that can help us find it.
 Hmm, it's close. Not quite slutty enough. I think you need more eyeliner.
 Throatier, more mannish.
 Oh, perfect. Just the right level of contempt and hidden insecurity.
 Mm. You know, it's funny. I've always been a little envious of the legend that is Katherine Pierce. The way you could wrap men around your little finger, the way Elijah betrayed Klaus for you, the way the Salvatore brothers stumbled head over heels for you. And yet, here we are, all these years later, in a town that you've had to compel into liking you. 
 She doesn't want it.
 I want a normal life again.
 So let me get this straight  I tell you where Elena is, you shove the cure down her throat, and then I end up in a box, right? I don't think so.
 
 Fine. They were supposed to meet at the gazebo by the park.
 You go deal with Elijah. Katherine will take us to the cure.
 A very old lady with dreadful taste.
 What, just like Elijah's really your boyfriend and this is really your life? And for all we know, this isn't even your house.
 Where is the cure?
 Give it to me or you're dead.
 
 Admit it. You don't want human-Elena running back to Stefan whilst you're left out in the cold again. Go on, Damon. Tell me why you want Elena to have the cure.
 
 
 I'm still a vampire. The cure didn't work.
 You and Katherine? And I thought you were the smart brother.
 Why don't you just give me the cure so I can judge you silently elsewhere?
 I want to be human again.
 You're probably right. But I don't care. I want to live a simple life as a normal person. And when it ends, it ends. We've had 20 lifetimes together, Elijah. Isn't that enough?
 You will always be my brother. And I will never stop loving you. But now it's time for me to live and die the way that I choose, not the way you and Nik want me to. Please. Please just give me the cure.
 What do you want, Nik?
 Let's just say that things have gotten complicated. In fact, why don't you speak to one of those complications? Here.
 Elijah, being a human means a fresh start. I can grow old and have a family and fill my days with meaning, knowing that each one matters.
 And in doing so he will break down the wall to the Other Side.
 He will open the floodgates for every supernatural being that has ever died.
 Please, you hated Kol and you kept Finn in a box for most of his life.
 
 Fine. Anything.
 Name me a more human experience than senior prom.
 Why should I listen to you? You don't even have your humanity.
 Yes, and last time I checked you're living in my house 'cause I'm the only one that can tolerate you, so you don't have to be so rude.
 So, are you and Bonnie, like, a thing?
 No one. Go on, I know what you're thinking  why didn't I just compel myself a date.
 Oh. Can I ask you a question?
 Do you think that I would make a good human?
 And you can't just help out a friend?
 I was not going to compel you.
 What the bloody hell are you doing?
 I was not going to threaten her.
 Yeah. So?
 She's probably in the bathroom. Every other girl is. And if you haven't noticed, I am sitting here all on my own. So, please, will you put me out of my misery and dance with me?
 Matt, please. This is a girl's worst nightmare. Please?
 I thought about what you said, about being good, and you're right. It won't be easy, but it's worth trying.
 Because you're everything that I want to be. You're loyal, honest, kind. People root for you to succeed. Elena even died for you.
 But you're human. You're so beautifully human.
 What am I missing?
 So? The nice thing about having no feelings is you don't fear your enemies on the Other Side.
 Bonnie Bloody Bennett. Of course.
 I can't kill anyone. I'm supposed to be human.
 You need to get your queen off the stage.
 You didn't hear it from me, but Elena's up to something.
 Matt, why did you call   Oh, my god.
 Can't we just call 911 or something?
 I can't. If I heal her with my vampire blood, Elijah won't give me the cure and I won't get to be human.
 Elena was right. I should have just stayed home.
 You'd really do that for me?
 
 Okay.
 She was dying, and I acted with human decency. You can't get more human than that.
 You're gonna tell Elijah?
 I won't lie. There were complications.
 
 Why is it so hard for you to let me be happy?
 What does that mean? Nik, what does that mean?
 I guess it's time that I turned into a pumpkin. Thank you, Elijah.
 Elijah, I think Nik's up to something.
 I'm still at the prom. Look, don't do anything with the cure until I see you. Something's not right. Elijah? Hello? Elijah, do not take your eyes off that cure.
 New Orleans? What the hell is Klaus doing there?
 Well, the French Quarter witches are not a lot to be trifled with. You don't suppose they've found a way to kill him once and for all, do you?
 What family? We're three distrustful acquaintances who happen to share a bloodline. I, for one, hope they've found a way to make that traitorous bastard rot.
 Where are you going?
 Then let him run. That child, if it's even his, is better off without him.
 Darling, kind Elijah. Our brother rarely brings us anything but pain. At what point in your immortal life will you stop searching for his redemption?
 I'd give you a play-by-play, but you have the air of someone who's been lurking and listening.
 I know you consider yourself an expert in brotherly dynamics, but you don't know my brothers half as well as you think you do.
 And what's that?
 So that's it? I'm just supposed to pack up my things and leave for good? Forget my life here and my pursuit of the cure?
 I wanted to be human. I wanted children and a family.
 And if I decide against you? A dagger in my heart and then back in a box?
 I owe him nothing. I wish him no joy, no love. I will stay here and live my life the way I want to, and if you're smart I suggest you do the same.
 I was wondering if you were gonna say hello or keep ignoring me.
 I'm celebrating. My brothers and I have parted company. Elijah and Nik have run off to New Orleans, chasing god-knows-what, and I am finally free.
 Did you hear that I lost the cure to Silas? I was 
 Please, I know you were planning on stealing it for Elena. I never had a chance, did I?
 Why don't you stay and have a drink?
 Are they still keeping Elena trapped in the Salvatore mansion? I happen to like her just the way she is. It's tragic that they're trying so desperately to fix something that isn't broken.
 Hi. I don't mean to interfere. It's just, I happen to know all they keep in this house is blood and booze, so I brought a peace offering. Burgers?
 I think I might stay. Matt mentioned that he was failing classes and needed a study buddy.
 We could both help. All hands on deck  that's the motto around here, right?
 You dated that?
 Well, that's handy. Sort of a cheat, though, isn't it?
 Not sure how good I am at modern Italian. I was fluent in the 12th century, but languages have a way of evolving.
 
 The only reason that you are failing is because you're preoccupied with training doomed hunters and dealing with Elena's drama. You need better friends...like me. I could compel you good grades and a scholarship.
 Why not? Everyone needs an advantage in life. I could be yours. When you convinced me to save April Young's life at the prom...I realized that I could be a better person, and I'm grateful for that. So, let me give you some advice  take advantage of what I'm offering you. Make something of yourself. And for the record, anyone who leaves you behind is a fool. I wouldn't.
 What the hell are you doing here?
 Well, looks like the lunatics have taken over the asylum. Where are you going?
 Why should he?
 I've never actually seen that ring in action before. Does it hurt?
 Well, it looks like Elena's emotional floodgates have been burst wide open, so she'll be back to her dull, sympathetic self in no time. Here.
 It was a brave thing to do.
 There aren't enough apologies in the world for the part that I played in this. Running you off the bridge, Elena becoming a vampire to save you. If you don't want me to cheat you into college, fine. We'll do it the hard way, but  Matt, I will spend every day until graduation trying to find a way to pay you back.
 So, let me get this straight  you send out a notice of your impending graduation and people feel obliged to give you money?
 That sounds brilliant. Why aren't you participating?
 That makes two of us. Besides, I don't think it was my mother's dream to see me in a cap and gown. How about your mum?
 Do I look like a meteorologist?
 I got this.
 Drink. You're putting everyone on edge.
 So, what's the deal? I'm new to this whole emotional switch situation.
 So your emotions are on, they're just dialed to rage.
 Okay.
 
 Looks like something wicked finally came.
 But it's fun. And kind of cozy, with the storm outside, and the candlelight...and us.
 Oh, my god. Kol.
 I thought I'd never see you again.
 You've made your point, Kol. Leave.
 She left here hours ago, we don't know where she is. Now get out!
 You know I could just cure this for you easily, right?
 Why won't you ever let me help you?
 Okay.
 Caroline, how are you still here 
 Oh, my god.
 Caroline, hey, snap out of it.
 Stop it, you're hallucinating!
 
 I can't, she's on vervain.
 Look, Caroline, you're graduating and - and Uncle Bob and Aunt Mary really want you to graduate with both your hands!
 Stop!
 
 I'm just glad I got the chance to knock her upside the face.
 Oh, my god.
 That is my ex-boyfriend, Alexander. 
 Thank god, the power's coming back. Maybe that means the veil's almost up and he'll disappear again.
 We should get out of here.
 There is nothing we can do for you Alexander. Please, let us go.
 I'm not leaving you.
 What do you want from us?
 It's just been settled. I'm gonna show you life as you've only dreamt it. We'll start in Italy. There's a lovely little church– 
 And then I'll show you the Northern Lights in the springtime, the Simatai Gorge from atop the Great Wall of China, every inch of the Louvre.
 We'll see it all when we're done here because we can. We're alive. 
 I've got you.
 Don't make jokes – I'll laugh and you'll fall.
 Absolutely not. You'll blow into a billion pieces, the ring with it.
 
 I can't be killed and you can't miss graduation. Please, go.
 Run!
 I finally chose one of the good ones.
 I just wanted to see if you were okay. Rough day and whatnot.
 I know that we were under duress today, so...whatever, you know, plans that we were making...I understand if you don't want to.
 
 I'm sorry, are you saying...?
 
 Five-star restaurants in Paris to tapping kegs in a park. Tragic.
 Who said there were strings?
 I thought I'd give you one last chance to come with me.
 Great, maybe you could replace those earrings that that street-rat Nadia stole in Prague.
 Tell him you had a threesome. He'll understand. 
 I'm gone not three months and look at the trouble your in.
