 Thank you so much, Sheriff. Carol Lockwood put this town first. That's why I'm here to talk to you guys. You folks are the future of Mystic Falls...
 She did not go gently, did she? Any leads?
 Let me guess  sharp teeth and bad table manners?
 I'm saying 'yes' for a reason, and my reason just walked in.
 Thank you, Sheriff.
 Hey.
 I noticed a few of your friends missing from the assembly. So much for mandatory, I guess, huh?
 I think this town could use a few more rules.
 I'm well-aware of your gifts, Bonnie. But don't forget I'm your father. That means I get to protect you.
 No, he was grief-stricken and Shane took advantage of it.
 I've met people like this Bonnie. They're fast-talking, they're charismatic, they're manipulators. They prey on the weak-minded.
 No. We brought him in because April Young told us what he did. Rebekah Mikaelson confirmed it. He confessed to her.
 Bonnie, no, you're not.
 Let her talk. 
 
 Bonnie, stop!
 Bonnie, baby, baby. Please. 
 You don't owe me anything. I'm not happy to be right. I'm gonna get you some help.
 Are you kidding me?
 You lost control, and Shane said-
 The only thing that got under my skin is what I saw, which is my daughter using dangerous magic! And the fact that you don't think you need help means you need it even more.
 I have my sources. I'm also reinstating the curfew and canceling all town events.
 Not anymore.
 Honey, I'm trying to protect you, not punish you. The well-being of this town is my job now.
 You've been doing fine? Would you like me to read you all the names of the people who have gone missing or died in tragic accidents, in your senior year alone? Head straight home please, we're having a family meeting.
 I've got your phone, and I've got your car keys. And I told you, we are having a family meeting.
 I've let this go on far enough. Shane said you and your magic are like a ticking time bomb.
 I lost your mother to witchcraft. I don't intend to lose you.
 Yeah?
 She's busy.
 I said "no".
 Abby, please come in.
 This is a family matter.
 That's not what Shane said.
 You're drugging her?
 Hey. How was the session?
 You told me you could help her.
 Not his fault? He's the one who taught you this magic, and now he can't control it.
 I'm done listening to your ideas. I want you to get out of my house.
 I want you out of my house!
 What the hell is happening to her?
 Welcome parents, family, and friends. What a beautiful day for a graduation. Thank you for joining us today on this special day, as we celebrate our graduates. So let's get started. John Albrecht. David Bance. Sarah Beasley. Um, not to play favorites, but I am especially proud of this next graduate, my lovely daughter  Bonnie Bennett!
 Congratulations. I'm so proud of you, sweetie.
 You're welcome.
 Savannah Davis. Matt Donovan. William Duncan. Caroline Forbes. Congratulations.
 Matt Freeman. Elena Gilbert. Congratulations.
 Thank you, Matt.
 You know, I'm not sure, but if you talk to her, tell her I said hi.
 Thanks for the beer.
 I hope everyone enjoyed the party?
 It is – it is truly great to have an end-of-summer tradition. My daughter has her own end-of-summer tradition of over-indulging in the cotton candy. 
 Maybe when we're done here.
