 Who's next? One hundred dollars to any man who can beat me.
 What's your name?
 Well, Mr. Not-Interested, you seem to me like a gambling man.
 Hm, well that's too bad.
 How sad. You're doing it all wrong. Bad vampire.
 A woman isn't just for food. She's for pleasure.
 We are all spoken for, in some way. But what is being a vampire if not relishing in the pleasure of it?
 Come along. Let me show you.
 Look at the women, they're beautiful, aren't they? Not them. They're too hungry for attention. You want the ones who button themselves up. Watch them. They can't tear their eyes away. 
 You're a vampire, you take it.
 Her.
 Damon Salvatore, my favorite student.
 I'm just passing through.
 Rebekah. What a happy surprise.
 Well, I heard Finn was finally freed from that casket your rageaholic brother Klaus carted him around in.
 He probably went looking for me.
 I doubt that.
 God, I hate that elitist Original bitch.
 He's my one true love. He turned me so we could be together forever. Then Klaus daggered him and locked him away and I've been waiting ever since. Please don't tell me that you and Rebekah are friends.
 Good, cause her and Klaus always treated me like some peasant whore.
 Why don't you get inside her head and find out?
 I bet I could get in there.
 Have you forgotten everything I taught you? Rebekah may be an Original, but she's a girl. You find her weakness and exploit it and I'll walk right in. That is if you want my help.
 Remember this song?
 Patience. Between her craving for affection and her pathological fear of being left alone, our little get together is too tempting to resist.
 I choose to believe otherwise.
 You know, the Damon I knew was holding out for someone too.
 The sweet chime of desperation.
 It just arrived.
 I told you if you got her comfortable enough, she's an open book.
 I'd rather show you.
 Milling records?
 Rebekah just left.
 Did you find what you were looking for?
 So all the wood stripped from the underside of that bridge is basically a weapon that could kill an Original?
 You see how this could be a problem for me, right?
 I will rip your head off in two seconds if you take one more step.
 Is that a promise?
 No. I'm just looking out for myself.
 And you lied to me, Damon! The Originals are linked, if one dies they all die. If I can get inside her head, don't you think I'd be able to get inside yours?
 I'm 900 years old, Damon. You're not capable of ending me.
 Do you really think that I would risk Finn's life for one of your petty revenge fantasies?
 He wouldn't do that.
 Hello Finn.
 So, can you guess why I've dragged you out here?
 This statue was built where we used to rendezvous. Back when you used to have to sneak away from your siblings to see your tawdry lady friend.
 I took care of myself, but I never stopped loving you Finn. I don't want you to die.
 You've never had tequila before?
 Hey Troy.
 I turned him.
 Because I'm in enemy territory. When your brother and sister called, I thought I might need a little back up. You can't trust anyone here.
 Two more tequilas?
 I don't know. A lot. Don't judge me, Finn, you turned me.
 My passions overtake my morals on a daily basis. It's called living life to the fullest.
 Finally.
 Oh, thanks.
 To living life to the fullest.
 Oh, what the hell?
 Finn, the stake!
 No!
 Finn, no.
 Ding dong.
 I'm not here for you. I'm here for him.
 Oh, you remember me.
 Good. Then you know I like to go all ten rounds.
 Troy, help me!
 What is happening to me?
