 I've been tracking your Augustine experiments for months. So in return for money and protection, I have some blood I want you to analyze.
 I beg to differ. (She puts a bag on a table next to them. Wes looks through it.)
 I hate to be the one to tell you this, but Aaron Whitmore's car was found abandoned in the middle of the road last night.
 No one has seen or heard from him.
 My guess is, yes, he's dead, and more to the point, you're next.
 I'm Sloan. And you met some of the travelers when they were taking a bucket of your blood.
 We do, thanks to Enzo.
 When he died, the travelers took it. And seeing as Elena is valuable to us, we're in the process of using Wes' resources to find a cure for her virus as well.
 First, we have to find something.
 Another one of you.
 None of your business.
 Markos
 It's more of a linking spell.
 Then we better be careful.
 You'll get it when we're done.
 No. I said I'd try not to hurt him. We need his blood for the spell.
 Good for her. We do
 Just a little deeper..
 I see him. He's in a city.
 Keep going! Push harder!
 We're not done.
 The link isn't strong enough. We need more information
 We need the doppelgänger dead. Louder!
 If you hurt me, they'll kill you.
 His name is Tom Avery. I heard that much.
 Come on, Stefan! I need your help with the link. Tell me what you see! Tell me where to find your doppelgänger.
 Good. Now your friends can go kill him.
 I take it you haven't located the doppelgänger yet?
 Which is why I'm calling.. the doppelgänger's name is Tom Avery. And I just saw him deliver a patient to Atlanta Metropolitan Hospital.
 I don't give a damn about his brain. It's his blood that matters.
 And until Stefan and Elena are the last two doppelgängers on Earth, their blood is useless to me. So you better believe I'll give Stefan a back alley lobotomy if you fail to kill Tom Avery.
 We don't call us travelers for our mileage points.
 Believe me, I'd rather be at the beach right now, but this is where we're supposed to meet our fearless leader.
 The link connects us to the doppelgänger's mind. If we're seeing old memories, that means we have to go deeper.
 Clock's ticking.
 I'm ready.
 The lights 
 I'm not healing. I'm not a vampire anymore.
