 Pretty song, isn't it? There's been so much good music made in the last 200 years. My favorites are the love songs. When I made this playlist three days ago, I discovered something called a jazz standard.
 You enjoy this, don't you?
 I wish Enzo shared your sense of fun. Why does he keep trying to get rescued?
 Come on, you think the same thing I do. You suspect he's not a team player.
 I hope you're right. Because I need him to be like you  all in. Total commitment... is what makes it fun. It's no good unless they love you...
 I'm telling his mind to stay calm. I read on the Internet that chickens that are slaughtered in factories don't taste as good because their bodies release all this adrenaline.
 We're tasked with harvesting evil souls, but that is no reason that this guy has to taste like a chicken that died in a urine-soaked panic.
 Never mind, Internet. Boo.
 Why is he always napping? Me? I love keeping my new eyes open. After you spend a couple of hundred years with little shriveled-up eye sockets underneath where your eyebrows used to be, you take extra pleasure in using all the parts of your body.
 And you are even more disappointing. I've had no luck getting into your head. Not since the day we met.
 It's the "almost" part of that sentence that vexes me. Come here. Come on. Just a peek. You'll give in eventually.
 You blinked a little just now. I pried a yummy tidbit from your head... a name. Who's Sarah Nelson?
 Your mouth can lie, but your subconscious can't. Sarah Nelson. Why do you feel an attachment?
 More lies. She means something. Get up, sleepyhead. It's time for fun.
 He's right. I'm a lot tougher than I look. Stay right there. So... who's Elena?
 Damon, what part of "Kill Sarah" was too hard for you to understand? This shouldn't be a tough call. How are you disobeying me? That takes a lot of willpower. A real sense of self. A connection to some shred of humanity that you have been hiding from me. So many months into this, and I never realized you had a loyalty leak, which is very irritating. Where does your subconscious go when you try to resist me?
 Yeah. I can fix this. Thanks for letting me take a peek.
 Hi. We haven't met. What's your name?
 I'm Sybil.
 Absolutely.
 Save your energy. In a couple hours, I'll be too far away to reach you, and then you can go home. Don't worry about your brother. I've taken over his last mental refuge. I'm giving it a little remodel.
 No, he's not. Anyway, good talk.
 Deliver us some evil. We wouldn't want to fall behind on our quota, after that little sidebar today.
 Thanks. I just need a little peek.
 Now why haven't I seen her before?
 Why haven't I seen her before?
 Don't worry about your brother. I've taken over his last mental refuge. I'm giving it a little remodel. Hi. What's your name?
 I'm Sybil.
 That's so sad. Did you know her?
 Guess now you never will.
 Just turn it off. It's a little bitty humanity switch right at the back of your noggin. I've got big plans for you and it'll streamline the whole process if your emotions aren't riding shotgun. Come on, Enzo. Room service is getting cold.
 Look at Damon over there. He's got the right idea. He's happy.
 In three millennia, I have a pretty unblemished record when it comes to controlling men. 50,000 to zero... Give or take a few Peloponnesians... And I'm not about to add one to the loss column just because he doesn't feel like submitting.
 Well I've got a pretty full itinerary, so I guess we're just gonna have to move on to Plan “B.” "B" as in "Bonnie."
 Is that so? I guess we'll find out. Damon?
 Would you do me a favor and kill Bonnie Bennett?
 So, you got beat up by a girl?
 What's so funny?
 No. That look tells me that you know something I should know, but you don't want me to know. And you know how I feel about secrets. Looks like someone forgot to mention that you and Bonnie have quite the history. No wonder your heart wasn't in it. Well, we'll see what we can do about that.
 Whoa. That's a lot of bad road between you two. What am I missing? Oh, wait. There it is. Mm-hmm, got it.
 Hi, Bonnie. I'm Sybil. So glad to finally meet you. This is really nice work. Caroline, is it? I'm not sure about riding in on the unicorn, but I love this charmeuse and the tiara design is exquisite.
 I just want to know where Bonnie's is.
 Simple. I want to know what makes you so special. What is it about you that has Enzo and Damon wrapped around those flawlessly manicured little fingers? I mean, I get Enzo. The accent, the star-crossed witch-vampire thing. No... it's the Damon of it all that has me so stumped. Did you guys ever... you know...
 All that time, alone in a prison world. Same day on repeat. You must've done something to break up the brain-numbing monotony.
 Seriously? Look, you are gorgeous. I can admit that, I'm not blind. And neither is Damon. Who, in case you haven't noticed, ladies, is scorching. I mean... ...you can't spell Damon without "damn." Strictly platonic? Really? Wow. Good for you. That doesn't explain how you inspire so much devotion in two men who are supposed to be completely devoted to me. So why don't you sit down and we'll have a little heart-to-heart? I can make you. But it's excruciatingly painful. And it'll mess up your hair.
 So, Bonnie, what's your secret? What did Damon and Enzo see in you?
 Oh, come on, Bonnie. Surely you can think of something.
 Really? Now that is something we can work with. So you would do anything for Damon and Enzo? Like, anything anything? I mean, how far would you really go? What if you had to choose between them? So... Bonnie gets to choose.
 No. I'm just very old, very set in my ways and very annoyed. Choose.
 You're no fun. You know what was fun? Ancient Rome. The Coliseum. Gladiators. Sweaty, oiled-up men hurling themselves at each other. So hot. You'll see what I mean soon enough. In exactly 12 minutes, Damon and Enzo will fight to the death. They don't have a choice. I've willed it so. One of them will lose. So, if you're not gonna choose, then I guess we'll just let the boys settle it amongst themselves.
 Why does the car keep making that infernal noise?
 Well, you can remind it that I'm immortal.
 That's only 'cause you don't know what awesomeness awaits you. Now step on it. We don't want to miss round one.
 Five minutes. This is so exciting. Oh, come on, what happened to all that sassy backtalk? Oh, right. It's probably easier to talk tough when you had your magic to back it up. What's wrong? Somebody feeling powerless right now? But here's the ray of sunshine. You actually have all the power. Just say the word, and you can decide who gets to live and who gets to spend the rest of eternity in never-ending emotional torment. Oh, you guys know about that, right? They're homicidal monsters. They have done the worst things imaginable. Where do you think they're gonna end up? Some cloud-filled afterlife? No. They're going to the other place, where all they will know is loneliness and despair forever and ever and ever.
 What about you, Caroline? What do you think Bonnie should do?
 Oh, you think Stefan is gonna swoop in and save Bonnie from having to make such an untenable choice. That's putting a lot of faith in your fiancé.
 Aw. Poor Enzo. Nobody's choosing him. You're not even choosing him, Bonnie. Are you just gonna sit there and allow Enzo to die?
 He can't. The only one that can stop him is you. Choose.
 Damon? Kindly remove your hand, without the gentleman's heart in it.
 Oof, I'm getting all weepy. So touching. So raw.
 Hmm. So Bonnie can't live without Enzo. And clearly, Stefan can't live without Damon. But nobody's bothered to ask me what I want. You're the only one that's truly committed around here, Damon. You're an asset. Enzo's nothing but a burden. So... I guess my only real problem is with you, Bonnie. You chose wrong. Which is why I'm gonna have Damon kill you.
 Damon kills Bonnie, I'll kill you, and then we can all get on with our lives. Unless... you give me what I want. Turn off your humanity, pledge your loyalty to me, and then we can all go home happy. Pinkie swear.
 Yes, Enzo, do. You know you want to. Come on, this is mercy. You've seen what happens when you die. What if your precious Bonnie is due the same fate? Save yourself. Save your one true love. Do it.
 Finally. Now, was that so hard? Oh, one last thing, would you mind if I took back my promise to spare Bonnie's life?
 You're the best. Bonnie, I'm gonna count down from ten, and then I'm gonna let Damon finish what he started. Ten. Nine. Enzo, you sure you don't mind if Damon rips your girlfriend to shreds?
 Eight. So much for your indomitable love. Seven. Looks like Enzo's not gonna help you. Six. Pretty sure Stefan and Caroline won't be much help, either. Five. Bonnie, you really should be running now. Four.
 I don't know who you are, but...
 I didn't know you cooked.
 Well, I'm only here because you obviously want me here. I think you've seen the light, Damon. You know that true devotion to me is the only way to save you from that which you fear the most. But we still have a lot of work to do
 You still have too many attachments. Too many people willing to fight for you. They still believe you can be saved. We should work on that. What do they call it? Changing hearts and minds?
 I'm Sybil.
 Damon is completely devoted to me.
 Says the man who can be killed with a stick.
 And here I thought you had me all figured out. Guess not.
 I tinkered with the deepest reaches of his subconscious. If Damon's still serving me, it's because deep down, he wants to.
 It's all Damon, Damon, Damon. Aren't you even a little curious about who I am?
 Well, fortunately, the answer to your question is... a story. About me. You like stories, don't you, Professor?
 As she came of age, the village girl began to manifest psychic abilities, a trait that had been forbidden in her land for as long as anyone could remember.
 Oh, did I forget to mention there are two of us? Me in here. And her out there.
 Ugh! Would you please stop doing that? It is complete overkill.
 I thought you were a scholar. Every single mythological interpretation of who I am mentions sirens... plural.
  Well, luckily for us all, you can't believe everything that you read.
 Seline? Suspicious name. Very siren-y.
 I think I'll just wait for Alaric to get back.
 You think hurting me is gonna speed this up?
 Thank you. Now, despite enjoying each other's company, the girls had another constant companion... hunger. The one who had survived on the island this long had a plan.
 But the girl of the island knew better. She had done this before, called out to passing sailors with her mind. But no matter how keen her psychic reach, the shoals around the island were sharper.
 Stop me if this sounds familiar. One good sibling, determined to live like a monk, and one selfishly evil sibling, willing to murder to satiate their hunger. Oh, come on, you get it. The parallels are too good. Our story is your story, Stefan. So now here's the test. Which girl are you?
  God. You sound just like her. A victim to the last. She insisted the island would nourish them. And when it didn't, her faith was shaken. God did not provide. That was up to her sister. The other side of the island was the wild boars' domain. It was dangerous, but she knew she must hunt. And behold. God was good.
 And do you want to know the sickest part of all? There were no provisions on the ships. Only sailors. And so, an innocent girl became a monster. All because her older sibling forced her to adopt her lifestyle, even if it meant killing and eating men to stay alive. So, I ask you again. Which girl are you?
 I think you've overestimated your sibling. And clearly, I have underestimated mine.
 Hey, sailor.
 I'm in your head. Well, our head, kind of. My memories, your noggin. Your silly fork stopped ringing. There's nowhere to run. So walk with me.
 Normally, yes. But the boss has other plans for you.
 Mm-hmm.
 He thinks you're worthy of hearing the whole story. Shall we continue? For years, my sister and I lived as cannibals. One willingly, one blissfully ignorant. Until I discovered this. Where my sister had buried the sailors she had murdered. Only visible at low tide. It was the perfect hiding spot.
 I tried so hard to be good. My sister forced this existence on me.
 Maybe, maybe not. It all comes down to the same question  which siren is your spirit animal, Stefan?
 I couldn't believe it. All those years, my sister tricked me into eating human flesh. But I had to hear the truth from her mouth, so I confronted her. You should've seen the look on her face. Oh, wait, you will. Here she comes now.
 Stefan, you've met my sister. Seline.
 What's more shocking? That she secretly fed me human flesh? Or that she's now masquerading as a friggin' nanny?
 Why, so you can go warn Alaric? You're assuming that I'm gonna let you remember this when you wake up. Sorry. Orders from above. Well, below.
 You tell me. What do you remember?
 And who exactly is my sister?
 How frustrating.
 And leave you with such a dramatic cliffhanger? I'm not that evil. I was about to answer your question. How you can save your brother. But for the last time, I need to know  are you an island girl or a village girl? Wait! Answer me, Stefan. This is important. Who are you in this story? The victim, who tried for years not to feed on human blood, only for his selfish brother to blow into town and ruin it all? Or are you the monster, who sealed his brother's fate the day you forced him to turn into a vampire? Who doomed his brother to an eternity of misery because you were afraid of being alone?
 You'd be surprised how fresh it is in Damon's mind. Answer me. Who are you?
 I was wrong about you, Stefan. You are worthy. You're ready for the truth.
 When I learned the truth about what my sister had done for me, I did the only thing a decent person could do. I threw myself off the cliffs. As I lay dying, I prayed. For mercy. For love. For forgiveness.
 But God never answered me. Instead, he did.
 My sister... She made a deal with Cade. Immortality, beauty and youth, for the two of us... if only we served our new Lord and master. We feast on the flesh to keep us beautiful, and he collects the souls of the wicked. In Hell.
 He's the answer to all your problems, Stefan. You want to save your brother? All you have to do is kill the Devil.
 Which part? We covered a lot of ground.
 Did you believe in vampires before you fell in love with one and became one yourself? That's the trouble with facts, Stefan. They're true whether you believe in them or not. I promise you, just as my sister promised me. There was a man named Cade.
 The people he loved damned him. And only at the very end did he finally give up on them, only when the smell of his burning flesh was searing his nostrils, did he see them for what they really were. Monsters. Just like you and me. So, Cade damned them in return. With his last breath, he let loose a psychic blast so powerful that it created its own world. Call it Hell if you want. It doesn't matter what name you give it or whether you believe in it or not. Either way, that is where Cade feeds on the souls of the damned. It's where he waits for you, Stefan.
 Oh, but this is about you. Did you really think all your pathetic attempts at atonement would save you from the fate that, deep down, you know you deserve? A fate befitting the glorious Ripper of Monterey?
 It doesn't matter, Stefan. That stain will always be on your soul, no matter how hard you try to wash it away. So, stop fighting. It's easier that way.
 Damon's fate is already sealed. I reached into his mind and gave him a look at what awaits him, and even that little spoonful was enough to make him flip his little humanity switch. He chose to serve Cade for all eternity, rather than experience another second in that kind of torment. Damon believes in Hell. And soon you will, too. Because you're just as doomed as he is.
 Turn off your humanity, pledge your loyalty to me.
 There are two of us and you've met my sister, Seline.
 You're assuming that I'm gonna let you remember this when you wake up.
 I gave him a look at what awaits him, and even that was enough to make him flip his humanity switch. Damon believes in hell.
 Savasana. It's restorative. It promotes physical and emotional well-being.
 So not zen.
 To be fair, that was more Damon than it was me. I simply suggested that he do whatever he could to sever his remaining ties.
 Oh, wait, that's right, I can't see anything. My psychic abilities have been neutralized.
 Well, this a surprise!
 Why are you here then?
 And what makes you think that?
 Sounds like you have regrets. Regret implies that you're not a loyal servant.
 No you're upset because you upset your friends.
 But you killed someone that do they care about. That must've made them feel something. Sure looks like it made YOU feel something. Here you are, troubled, hostile. You know what that tells me? That you're not completely mine. That the cold, dark heart of Damon Salvatore felt a flash of pain when he took Tyler Lockwood's life away.  It made you feel, and it felt bad.
 Wrong. It is written all over your face. Your humanity is riding that dimmer switch, and right now it is pushing itself up. And it feels terrible, does it?
 Dimmer goes up, and you'll get your feelings back. Maybe your brother will love you again. But, boy, will it feel awful! And Elena's reaction to everything you've done, let's not even think about that!
 Dimmer that switch back down, and all these bad feelings and all this confusion, it'll all disappear. Me? I prefer Option B. The dimmer down. Total abandonment.
 I want you, Damon. All of you. I can re-write your subconscious, but that will only get me so far. I'm not gonna have you the way that I want you, while you still have these emotional ties to your past. Go see your brother, let him guide that dimmer switch up until you feel everything. If that's how you want to live your life, go ahead... live it! Maybe you'll find some small pockets of happiness, before death delivers you to Cade.
 Thank you. You're a doll.
 Of course I am. What happened?
 Good. Now, is your little existential crisis over? Because we have things to do. It'll be fun, I promise.
 Mmm... You must be starving.
 I gave him a look at what awaits him, and even that was enough to make him flip his humanity switch. Damon believes in hell.
 You want to save your brother? All you have to do is kill the devil. My sister, she made a deal with Cade. We feast on the flesh to keep us beautiful, and he collects the souls of the wicked.
 Hey, sissy.
 Quite the family reunion you've sprung on us.
 Mm-mm. Mm-mm-mm. Bacon makes a good case for the existence of God.
 Um, pot, kettle, sissy. And for all you know, the last 200-plus years that I spent in that vault has changed me for the better. Maybe I'm a reformed woman.
 Still, I had a lot of time in that vault to think and rot, and wonder what happened to my dear Seline, who escaped, when was it, in 1883, that you slipped through the clutches of that idiot, Dalton St. John?
 Oh, you blended in all right. With your French manicure and your preppy sneakers and your voice so American. Mm-hmm, I can see how hard you were working to rescue me.
 Oh, I'm sorry. Did my freedom ruin your idiotic plan for these two children?
 We weren't much older when we met the devil. It's obvious, isn't it? She wants to offer them to Cade.
 I gotta say, you're a man with a lot of guts.
 It's simple. I'm punishing you. Nobody escapes me. Not ever. Bend you to my will with one hand, while I eat greasy diner food with the other.
 Fine by me. I'm not here to win you back. I'm just here for the screams.
 This is ridiculous.
 What's an AMBER Alert?
 Ooh. Looks like you have a lot of work to do.
 Blah blah blah. Damon, turn the radio on.
 Looks like your little plan has hit a roadblock. Literally.
 Looks like someone's taking charge.
 A body of water, a couple of human bodies...
 These people have no idea they're all about to die horribly.
 You should know, if Cade feels used or disrespected, there's no telling what he might do.
 I was dead. But even in death, Cade's psychic power reached into my soul and heard my screams for life. No one wants to die. In that moment, you'll agree to anything, even slavery in hell.
 Go on. I can multi-task.
 I'm already doing what I want with you.
 You're dying, Enzo.
 There you are. I was wondering when you'd shift from creeper to participant.
 I'll make you a deal. You come alone and I'll let Enzo live.
 He's right. But you're still gonna come. Alone. Damon and I have an offer you won't be able to refuse.
 He's here.
 Your precious reunion can wait. I need Stefan to know how serious this is.
 Set up a little welcoming committee. (Sybil smirks.)
 Uh-huh. Do you have a problem with that?
 Then go save him. But not until he's reminded of who he really is. I want him dark, vulnerable, actual blood on his hands. That's how Cade likes them best.
 Oof, sis, you are way off-key. Maybe that's why Cade isn't answering.
 Or maybe he's just not interested in anything you have to say.
 I told you he wouldn't go for it.
 What if I can offer you a better one, here and now?
 Two brothers, two of history's most prolific killers, two powerful, immortal vampires. They'll be much more potent weapons for you than these helpless children. Seline and I are simply sirens. Trust me, you'll be trading up.
 Yeah, I could have... but, boy, was it fun watching you embarrass yourself in front of Cade.
 No more free pass out of hell. Sorry, sissy, I checked the fine print. You're about to start making payments on your karmic debt.
 You don't have a deal. You had a proposal, which Cade said no to when he accepted my better offer.
 Hmm... that is exactly what I spent 100 years thinking when you never showed up to rescue me. I am just... so glad that I could finally pay you back for leaving me to rot in the dark.
 Oh, I'm released, never fear. I negotiated for myself on the side. I stay immortal with my powers.
 Let's just say... the game's not over yet.
 She wants to offer them to Cade.
 He's the devil.
 What if I can offer you a better one? Two brothers. Two powerful, immortal vampires.
 Sorry, sissy. You're about to start making payments on your karmic debt.
 My sister kidnapped them. I saved them from a life of serving Cade when I cosigned Damon's plan. So, put away your umbrella, Stefan. I don't need your shade. A simple thank you will suffice.
 I appreciate that.
 Mmm, this is gonna be a killer dinner. Are the other guests on the way?
 I can't wait. I haven't had a Christmas Eve dinner in... ever. Here, here, here. Let me help. Besides, you wouldn't want to get turkey juice on that gigantic rock on your finger. So? When's the wedding?
 Oh, that's right. Cade. Hmm. Don't worry. A vampire like Stefan will be really good. He can probably kill 12 people in two seconds... and still be home in time to draw you a bath.
 Hmm... Huge houses with big pools. You know I love the water, and it's not like I have to pay the mortgage or anything.
 Actually, there's a little neighborhood outside of Grove Hill called the Pond Estates. Weirdly though, there's no pond. I know, right? Anyway, it's filled with rich, sleazy men that'll give up their whole house for a song. Get it?
 Do you like these ornaments?
 Ooh! We've been waiting for you.
 Thank you.
 It's kind of his job.
 What about this... Peter fellow? I've heard so so much about you.
 Oh, but humiliating public confession is so fun.
 I'm so sorry about your face. Me? I prefer to catch my flies with honey. See, Damon came here to give something, but I came here to get something. So, where is it?
 Lies.
 All you need to know is that you have something I need, and you will give it to me.
 Simple mind, where is it?
 Ahh!!
 Aside from the wine, it's okay.
 You saved me tonight. It was instinct. Something's happening... in there.
 I didn't know you had one of those.
 Oh. Well, then, is that my Christmas present in your jacket?
 Damon.
 Oh, it's beautiful.
 It's beautiful.
 Good morning, everyone. Students  Good morning, Miss Sybil.
 Well, yesterday, we finished the Revolutionary War so today we're gonna start on the 1800s.
 I'm not masquerading. I give a lot of homework. And pop quizzes, right?
 I made them love history. Is that a crime?
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. Before you try to attack me, or call the police, or ask anyone for help, just know that if you do, none of these kids are gonna make it to their next class.
 Sure. If we skip to the part where you admit that you would rather be doing anything except think about what Stefan's doing right now. Who he's murdering while his emotions are off. And in answer to your question, I want to teach you history. Why else would I have told your boss to send you here on an assignment?
 I just said that. You mustn't have been a very good student. We're gonna have to try to remedy that. Students, please turn to chapter three  "Antebellum Virginia." Ms. Forbes? You can take a seat.
 Who can tell me when Mystic Falls officially became a town?
 Caroline? Do you remember anything you learned in this incredibly ugly building, all those years ago?
  Name-dropper. And... wrong.
 Your ancestors took credit, yes. But long before they picked up turkey feathers to write that silly charter, there were other people here. A group of men and women who were different. Misunderstood. Ultimately, they burned to death because of who they were.
 1790. I remember it like it was yesterday. It was the most delicious smell. The smoke lasted for hours.
 Who wants to go on a field trip?
 Me, too. The bus is outside.
 And Miss Forbes, you can sit with me.
 Oh, look at that, I've perfected my long-distance technique.
 Your blood isn't gonna save him, I've told his mind to shut down.
 It might be worth it. But for now,... get up. Consider that a warning. Any deaths today will be your fault, and will go on your scorecard for hell. Coming?
 This place has gone downhill since 1790.
 Talk to me in a couple thousand years, we'll see how you're holding up.
 I had been traveling the region with my sister, looking for tasty souls to feed to Cade, and the witches took exception.
 Clearly, you don't know the full story. How the hundred witches really died.
 Don't tempt me. The witches gave some magical help to a local metalsmith who was making a church bell for them. This bell had a special purpose. But what no one realized was that Seline and I had befriended this metalsmith. We threw a little wrinkle into his plan.
 Call it extra credit.
 Peter Maxwell was the last one to have his hands on that witches' bell. Right up until he threw it off a bridge, some 20-odd years ago. I looked into his mind and I saw the whole thing. Some kind of a parade, a bell hanging on a float.
 It's a replica. The real one went over something called Wickery Bridge in 1992. Anyway, I have spent the last three weeks sending people into that river to look for that bell, and they haven't found a thing... but I know it still exists, because it can't be destroyed.
 Blame the witches. No wonder people found them so annoying. Now, please.
 Use the whole can, children. Thoroughness is important.
 Uh, hello? They're sirened.
 Oh, you brought the lighter. Of course you did. Good girl.
 Any other useless demands? I'm not gonna release them until you bring me that bell.
 I'm sentimental. I want it. And I need your help to find it.
 Well, you can't save them all. I mean, torches, lighter fluid... poof.
 I didn't expect it would be easy. That's why I've given you an incentive. Hmm?
 Take me there. Now!
 Matt, hey, if you try to stop her from helping me, I send a psychic command, and my students die anyway. If you come over to her house, my students will die. If I find out that anyone is trying to interfere...
 Hmm. Maybe that'll be my second career, after you get me that bell.
 Not seeing anything bell-shaped. Looks like you haven't even bothered to open half these boxes.
 No, I wouldn't. Never had a garage.
 What does it say?
 I'm suddenly feeling the need to vent.
 Let me guess. That was Matt telling you he managed to save my history students from burning.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, before you get any of my blood on those stupid, little, pointy-toe boots, you'd better be 1,000% sure that I'm not still linked to your children.
 We spent a lot of time together on that little road trip we took. It was plenty of time for me to plant an off switch in their brain and I can drop them at any second, so you better not piss me off.
 Are you certain that he thought of every possible loophole when he was bargaining his soul away? I mean, the only way you'll really find out is if you try to hurt me and roll the dice. Is that what you want to do, Caroline? You want to gamble with your children's lives? Hmm, you know, you seem so rational when it comes to your daughters' safety, except you still plan on marrying a Ripper. How do you not see that as putting their lives in danger?
 Yet every single time, he manages to find a way to fall off the wagon... every... single... time. Do you know what the definition of insanity is? It's doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. I just hope that the next time he goes Ripper, your kids aren't in the house.
 Take me there.
 You seem so rational when it comes to your daughter's safety. I just hope that the next time he goes Ripper, your kids aren't in the house.
 There's that Damon sense of humor I miss. Where are you?
 I'm gonna need to ask you a favor, do you still have that iron ball that you scooped up off Peter Maxwell?
 So, I'm gonna need you to pause your murder spree of brotherly love, drive to Mystic Falls, and deliver me that ball. If you're nodding, I can't see through the phone. So what do you say, Damon? Yes? Or yes?
 I'll text you details.
 I invited them. Don't worry. As long as I get what I want, I'll make sure they behave.
 There's my handsome henchman. Thank God I don't have to trust one of these townies not to embarrass me on the dance floor.
 No, you're here to give me that lovely old Maxwell striker.
 I don't know what's glitching here in your subconscious, but you need to get a grip.
 How did you do that?
 Your friendly neighborhood siren.
 Clearly, given the stench of blood on you. Aren't you supposed to be turning angels into devils in the name of Cade?
 Actually, it seems that dog has slipped its collar. Your brother's been resisting my influence. I don't know how, but if Damon's faltering on the job, don't blame me, blame...
 I thought I'd erased her influence over him from start to finish.
 So how do we win him back?
 Shall we?
 Your brother seems a bit...
 I've never seen a war between the conscious and subconscious before. Should be interesting.
 When this is over, Damon, you are gonna thank me for sparing you so much pain.
 Oh, please, if this little Elena girl is the voice of your humanity, I'd be afraid to face her, too, considering what you've done.
 Oh, Damon, you should be. What do you think it's gonna feel like if you keep fighting?
 That'll be a nice little side-effect. But what's really gonna happen is eventually your humanity is gonna flood back and crush you. You'll be consumed with guilt for killing Tyler Lockwood. For kidnapping Ric and Caroline's children. For turning Enzo against Bonnie. For selling your brother's soul to Cade. And if you're really honest, for stealing his girl.
 You're finally getting it. Fighting means feeling, and both are useless. Your soul is damned anyway, so just give up, give in, and give me what I want. Stick with me, Damon. The path of least resistance, I promise. It will hurt way less than reality.
 Good boy.
 Damon, you're slipping. Remember what you've done.
 Nope. Just chitchat. Sports, weather, movies. What I'm gonna do to you when I get out of these.
 I got that. Upside the head. So, this is Damon's big revenge. If you think there's any kind of torture that I haven't suffered, I would be very interested to hear it.
 You wouldn't even know where to start.
 You want a prize? How about your precious humanity back? All of it? I'm not the thing inside your head you have to fear, Damon. You are. You'll be consumed with guilt. Your humanity is gonna flood back...
 ...and crush you.
 I'm not the thing inside your head you have to fear, Damon. You are.
 Your humanity is going to flood back. You'll be consumed with guilt for kidnapping Ric and Caroline's children, for selling your brother's soul to Cade, for killing Tyler Lockwood. I'm not the thing inside your head you have to fear Damon, you are.
 Are you annoyed? I always thought that was just your resting face. Let me guess. Damon's not feeling well.
 I gave him what he wanted, I flipped his little humanity switch back on.
 Well, I guess his mind couldn't handle all those memories and feelings rushing in all at once. But don't worry, I can fix him, as long as I get what I want.
 That's the beauty of it... You don't have a choice. Pay the price or prepare to have a catatonic best man at your wedding. If you're still getting married, that is. I know it's looking a little bleak.
 You weren't kidding. It's all fire and brimstone in here. This is gonna be a lot more complicated than I thought.
 Okay, here's the deal. Consciously, Damon believes that he is in hell.
 For some reason, Damon thinks that's where he belongs.
 Well, that's a question only Damon can answer. So I suggest you go in there and ask him yourself. Once you figure out what's holding him back, I should be able to repair the damage.
 Yeah, that's because you went through the front door. But lucky for you, I can get you in through the back... into his subconcious. All right ladies, grab on.
 What was that about?
 Well, what did Damon say?
 That's impossible, it's his mind.
 Believe me, I'm trying, but if you guys can't find Damon then there's nothing I can do.
 I need the Maxwell Bell before my sister uses it against me so I'm willing to play ball with whoever can deliver it.
 All right, you heard the man.
 That's not good.
 I was almost really worried about you for a second. But then I got over it.
 Well, Stefan was right, forgiveness is the key to reaching Damon but just not yours. I hope your friend has better luck.
 Would you stop that. It's annoying. Not to mention it shows a complete lack of confidence in Bonnie.
 Not sure the feeling is mutual. I shouldn't be telling you this because I snatched it out of her head but, who am I kidding, it'll wound you deeply so it'll be fun. If Bonnie really was your bestie, don't you think she would've told you that she's planning on giving the cure to Enzo?
 Always the case when it comes to the things she wants, isn't it?
 Does it matter if you had to ask?
 So what?
 Any luck with that bell?
 Work in progress.
 Seline has the bell. You lied to me.
 Can we stop, please, with the snarkiness and the attitude and the petty revenge schemes. It's exhausting.
 If Damon and Stefan Salvatore can make amends, then anything's possible.
 Me, apologise to you? You're the one who turned me into a cannibal and sold my soul into servitude and abandoned me for over a century.
 Fine. Screw forgiveness.
 Cade.
 Cade, how are you here?
 Forgive my intrusion. But I'm in need of a metal smith, and from what I've been told, Mr. Maxwell, you are the finest in Virginia.
 Death. From when the ash and burn of Cade was forged into glass by the fire of hell's creation. Surely you've heard of the legend of Arcadius. No. You know him by another name  the devil.
 The twelfth ring will unleash hellfire, incinerating your entire village. You will not breathe a word of it.
 As are you, Mr. Maxwell. You made the bell. And the witches cursed it, so the blood of a hundred souls are on your hands. You and Beatrice are doomed to hell.
 Release our master Cade from hell and allow him to walk the Earth. Then kill him.
 Ethan, if your friend will not free us, then you must kill her.
 Surely you've heard of the legend of Arcadius. You know him by another name  the devil. Cade. How are you here?
