 Good move, Donovan.. Proving once again that self defense is the best offense.
 What the hell's going on here?
 What happened?
 Is that what happened? Look at me.
 This girl was attacked. I'm not sure we're getting the full story.
 What are you doing? You need to talk to her.
 You didn't even ask her what happened.
 Hey, five miles with the group this morning wasn't enough for you?
 That girl, from yesterday, the one with the animal bites. You know where she ended up?
 She there now?
 I have some deputy buddies over at the station, one of them said that the sheriff ran the plates and the car came up stolen.
 No, you know I can be paranoid but if there was a bad element coming through town. I want to keep tabs on it.
 So, let me know if she shows back up at your place?
 That's probably another lie but I'll look into it, thanks Matt.
 I know all about him, I grew up with his Dad.
 Born and raised, till my parents split. I think that's why I'm such a geek about this town. My family were such big supporters, we're the founding family actually.
 The Fells, I'm Thomas Vincent Fell III, to be exact. My dad called me Tripp, and I was such a clumsy kid that I took my Mom's maiden name when he bailed. I mean, can you imagine? 'Tripp Fell?'.
 Oh, is there a secret handshake that never got taught? Look, I gotta go, I'll see you later for training though, yep?
 Any final words?
 Oh, yeah. I brought in some mulch so you guys could clean up that little park on 4th. Turns out red mulch stains. Who knew?
 You need a permission slip?
 I'm not your Mom. Go. And take Jay. Suckered him into washing my car. He needs some fun.
 Rough night?
 My fault, sorry. I sent her home for the night. Can have you killing any more of the wait staff. Consider being more discreet when you feed. You never know whose eyes are watching.
 Who are you?
 One of the founding families. Thank you. Actually, if you don't mind - I have my own way I liked him to die.
 I know, and I'm sorry, Karen. Jay was a good kid. I promise, you'll be the first one to know, okay?
 No. No, I just told Jay's parents that I was the one who found their son dead in the woods last night.
 You tell me. He went to the party with you.
 Okay. I'm gonna give the Sheriff my statement   and try to make sense of what happened to Jay.
 Okay. Alright. Let's take a ride.
 Uhh, Liz and my wife were high school rivals. Some issue about who was captain of the field hockey team.
 I was. Yeah, Chris died in a car accident.
 It's alright. It's why I left Mystic Falls. Too many memories.
 Oh, just what I saw. Uh, tons of blood. Probably a mountain lion.
 You sound doubtful.
 I'm gonna show you something.
 A secret. A secret I only share with people I trust. You remember the gas leak in town over the summer? When I came back to make sure my grandmother was okay—first time I've been back in years. When I crossed town border, something changed. Memories came flooding back. And, I realized that my wife didn't die in a car accident. She was murdered. Drained of her blood right in front of me. And the killer made me believe I was responsible. Then, I find out what kind of monster could do all that.
 Vampires. They are real. And one murdered my wife. But this is the one who murdered Jay. And I'm gonna get him to name all his vampire buddies, starting with the one who bit your friend, Sarah.
 Hey, Tripp Cooke. I, ah, just wanted to thank you for turning over that vampire Enzo to me. He's been very helpful. (Tripp emphasized.)
 Oh I will, eventually. Once I know everything he does.
 Sounds like the vampire problem in Mystic Falls isn't as bad as I thought, I mean if he had any names he'd have given them up. Lord knows I've done plenty of things to get him to talk.
 Yeah, seems like it's moved on to Savannah. I've sent some of my guys down there, they're gonna check it out, see what they find.
 Founding families, gotta stick together.
 Need any help?
 I heard about the, uh, big campus accident on my scanner. Sounds like some people got hurt or something.
 Actually, you're bleeding, you might be in shock.
 I don't think...
 I promise you, it's nothing personal (The other two vampires in the back also try to get free).
 it's a longer story then we have time for, but trust me  you don't want this life. If you even call it that. (He turns up the radio)
 Well, Savannah was a waste of gas. Minus a few blood bags, the house you told us about was empty.
 Hmm. Would have been a total bust, except I happened upon a girl that fit the description that you gave me. That was near Whitmore, five hundred miles from where you said she was gonna be. Is this Ivy?
 So, I'll give you today to conjure up the location of your vampire friends, or you and I are gonna go sight-seeing in Mystic Falls. (He leaves the room, and Enzo glares at Matt as he turns away and follows Tripp out, closing the door behind him).
 Ah!
 Oh, I don't know anything about cars.
 Sorry, in a bit of a hurry.
 Uh! Ooh!
 You brought me here?
 Your friends who kill people.
 Aah! Aah. They're doing the same thing they were when they were with me. They're tracking vampires like your friend Caroline Forbes.
 I thought I could make the world a better place by getting rid of them, teach kids like you to be strong, defend yourselves, but look at you. You're on the wrong side.
 It's a contingency plan in case anything ever happened to me.
 You can set the meet for the edge of town of Old Miller road. You can do the trade there. They know they'll be safe behind the border. And send Matt. They trust him.
 What's happening to me?
