 
 
 
 
 
 The little monsters left me for dead! No apology, no call for help. I was roadkill, and what did I do? I acted like roadkill, because we're governed by a pacifist who'd rather see her children hurt than stand up for themselves.
 Missed a spot.
 
 And yet, you're the first thing in this town that I don't entirely hate.
 
 Really? Be more vain.
 
 Does anyone else smell that?
 Oh my God! Is this your first date in public? That's adorable.
 Can we focus on revenge, please?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I know it's not quite fair, but Lily usually lets Mary Louise and Nora get away with murder. You can still get what you want. You just have to go around her.
 You chose your side. Right or wrong, there's no going back.
 No. You should just stop caring about her.
 Ouch. Nora or Mary Louise?
 
 
 
 Once...
 ...I made a snide comment about Nora's hair...
 ...and Mary Louise poisoned my food for a month.
 They're the worst. But, I can help.
 
 Just looking for this. See, I heard of this new fashion trend called "hooker chic." I figured you'd have something. Thanks!
 I hadn't seen Beau in a decade. Malcolm reunited us.
 Dirty-blonde hair, blue eyes, psycho. Summarized me to a tee!
 You have to move.
 
 I'm Valerie Tulle.
 Just passing through.
 How do you have this?
 Wouldn't you like to know?
 
 You have to hold still! It will be delicious, I promise.
 Stefan... Meet Julian.
 Julian is not my father.
 
 Lily sent us here to get a sense of his mood...
 I have everything under control.
 I was lying. I wasn't prepared for how taken I was with him. He was gorgeous and sweet...
 
 I'm so sorry.
 
 Then we shall elude him!
 Come.
 
 
 
 Well, since you're so curious... Please, allow me to continue.
 
 Is something wrong?
 It was his first time. I'm sure you've been someone's first, so you know what it's like to have a completely unforgettable place in someone else's mind.
 That's what I thought.
 
 
 
 Were these the kind of flowers you were sent for?
 Cream violets.
 That tonic would not have saved her.
 But I am. I worked in a sanatorium, caring for patients who were just like your mother. Cream violets have no medicinal properties. It's an old wives' tale.
 Your father sent you on a fool's errand. You were only ten. He... probably wanted you out of the house to make it easier on himself.
 No matter what, you couldn't have saved your mother. Her death is not your fault.
 
 I will find my way back to you. I promise.
 
 
 
 Eventually, he accepted that he'd been abandoned all over again, and then he walked home under the cold and distant stars.
 There was a change of plan. I'm done talking to you about this.
 Let me pass! I'm not going.
 
 
 It's strange to be here with you... finally able to tell you the truth.
 Please don't tell Lily.
 
 
 
 
 
 You don't know how sorry I am.... about everything.
 
 
 A college town near Mystic Falls.
 
 Hmmm. So, have you done your duty to the family and found Julian yet?
 
 And you didn't tell Lily?
 ...And now that you're back?
 I know you, Oscar. Eventually, you'll leverage Julian's location for your freedom from Lily.
 
 
 Mushroom omelettes.
 Hey! They're for Oscar, not you. He's coming home today.
 Where's Oscar?
 
 
 
 
 I should go look for Oscar.
 
 Clearly I'm not as quick as the other orphans in the workhouse. Are you accusing me of something?
 
 I killed Oscar.
 He knew too much. I had to prevent him from bringing a monster back into Lily's life.
 Julian.
 You don't know. I guess Lily doesn't tell you everything.
 Someone you'll want to keep as far away as possible... Assuming that one day, you want Lily to love you in the same way that you love her.
 
 Well, I'm in danger of being exiled from my family because I did something extra stupid.
 Join me for a drink?
 
 In case it's not entirely obvious by now, I came here to be alone.
 
 Headed out to find Julian, and trying to find the directions on Oscar's stupid phone. Why doesn't anyone use real maps anymore? What's wrong with paper?
 What? That's impossible. You promised to keep Oscar quiet.
 Wait. What does it mean when the little bar thing goes all red? I...
 Hello?
 How did you...?
 
 I have no idea what you're talking about.
 
 Stefan...
 
 No. Please stop. The only thing that matters now is that we find Julian and make sure he can't come home. So, if you're not in, spare me the car ride and let me out.
 Fill this up.
 I need an accelerant to burn Julian's body. Don't want to take any chances.
 
 Julian's dead. He's been dead since 1903.
 Because he knew the moment Lily gets Julian back, the fun's over. Everything changes.
 
 
 
 Lily is determined to reunite Julian's body with his lost soul. But, in order to do that, she needs the Phoenix Stone.
 Really? That's funny, since you clearly used it on Oscar.
 
 The Phoenix Stone is stuffed full of very old vampire souls. You didn't raise Oscar from the dead, you clods! You jammed one of those souls into his body.
 Oh. I'd forgotten all about that.
 What do you want me to say? Because I'm pure evil? Because I like seeing people suffer?
 
 
 Must be sealed shut.
 His body's been preserved with magic.
 Move. Unless you want to burn to a crisp alongside of him.
 
 
 
 Lily, he's a monster! Bringing him back will only make things worse.
 It's not like you listen to me! You were so blinded by your love for him, it's like no one else exists.
 
 She's playing you! He didn't make her better  if anything, he made her vindictive and cruel!
 Who do you think gave Kai the idea to put Elena in that Sleeping Beauty-coma?
 Lily.
 She wanted to make you pay for refusing to help rescue us from the prison world.
 AH! It's pointless. If Lily doesn't kill me, Julian will.
 Couldn't help yourself, could you? If I'd known how deeply you'd hate me, I would have acted differently.
 It's not the truth, Stefan.
 NGH!
 The truth is... I was coming back for you.
 
 I was pregnant.
 I wanted to tell you in person, though, and I felt ridiculous. We... we spent so little time together. For me to end up pregnant? I just... I wasn't sure if...
 But Julian had already found out. He made sure there was nothing to tell.
 He, um... made sure it wasn't a problem anymore. He knew I wouldn't be able to look you in the eye and tell you, so I left with them. I kept our secret all these years... and I'm so sorry.
 You didn't say a word the whole way back.
 
 After it happened, I wanted to die. I did die. I took my own life. I obviously didn't realize I had vampire blood in my system...
 
 Please don't tell anyone. I couldn't bear for Lily to know.
 Okay.
 I don't presume to know you now, or even what you wanted back then, but...
 
 That would be my fault.
 I I just wanted to let you know I used the last of the shampoo.
 
 ...All right.
 Whatever we're doing, we should do it fast. The Phoenix Stone turns people mad, and Julian's soul's been in it for over a hundred years, so anywhere he is, I need to be as far away as possible.
 
 
 You're handling me like I'm a wounded bird, like I'm some sort of victim, but I'm not.
 When Stefan kills Julian, he can't hurt anyone else, and I can just put this whole mess behind me.
 You know, the whole reason I'm afraid of Julian? My big secret? The entire horror story?
 Stefan must have told you. He promised me he wouldn't tell anyone, but I didn't know that that included you...
 Well, his loyalty is certainly attractive, isn't it?
 Never mind. As you were saying, uh, Matilda Pettigrew from Liverpool, hmm? That's good. I like it.
 Seems a vampire soul inside a human body does not a perfect match make.
 The Phoenix Stone traps vampire souls. Oscar had a vampire body, got some other vampire's soul, and he lost the plot. Jo was a human. Clearly, a basic human body is unable to contain the essence of a vampire soul. You add that together, carry the one, you're a decomposing mess.
 
 Sorry... I-I had no idea.
 Quiet.
 I recognize this chant. That Gemini kid, Kai, thought they were sending him to a prison world.
 No, you're not listening. They weren't sending him away, Caroline. They were trying to save the next generation of Gemini twins.
 I think your babies are still alive.
 Twins are the lifeblood of the Gemini Coven. If a pregnant mother is in danger, then the transfer is our magical fail-safe. It's rarely used, but used nonetheless.
 I need your blood.
 Now, put it here.
 Indonesia  the farthest geographical point from Mystic Falls. Your progeny are, obviously, made up of your DNA. If they're alive, the blood will travel along the map. Once it's in the proximity of the babies, the map should ignite. Close your eyes. Clear your mind.
 
 
 
 The babies. They're here!
 They're not on the map, Caroline. They're inside of you.
 You want me to siphon the compulsion out of all these people?
 Do you have any idea how long that will take?
 I am all for scuttling Julian's plans, but siphoning these people won't make a difference. He'll just replace them. You'd be trading one life for another.
 Speaking of, I can't imagine this is the safest town for someone with your status to be roaming around in.
 
 Do I need to remind you that you summoned me here for my help? If you don't think my talents are up to snuff, then I will gladly find other things to do with my time.
 Beau. I don't know what atrocities Julian has planned, but you're better than this. I know you. I'm your friend.
 Julian is evil. He doesn't care about the family. He only cares about himself.
 Ungh!
 
 Are you hurt?
 You're not really the one that I'm worried about.
 One thousand years could pass  I would never forget that spell. There's not a day that goes by that I don't think about those words.
 
 Because I've used it.
 I was pregnant before I turned. Julian knew that if Lily found out, it would ruin his plans with her. She would want to return to Mystic Falls instead. So, he promptly ended it. But I did everything in my power to save the life inside me.
 I didn't have an entire coven to work with... It was just me. Hard as I tried, I wasn't strong enough.
 Our story may have ended in tragedy, but you have a chance to see that your friend Alaric doesn't.
 
 
 Are you sure about that?
 Just let her.
 You know, it never made any sense to me. The spell pointed directly at you, but the tests came up negative. And then, it hit me  I cloaked you from Beau to protect you. Alaric's babies are the future of the coven. They would have protected them in any way they could.
 They were cloaked.
 Me. I know how to win them over to our side.
 The truth.
 Nora and Mary Louise's anniversary.
 You know what? Damon and I will go together. Stefan can follow behind.
 Yes. Let's go.
 I'm happy for you two.
 
 This isn't about me. It's about our family.
 His face went cold. I couldn't fight him off. I couldn't... I couldn't stop him. Julian beat me savagely and... when it was finally over, my baby was dead.
 Murdering my child wasn't just some violent whim. It was a calculated, manipulative act.
 I couldn't cope. I took my own life and became the first Heretic. And when Julian saw how powerful I was, he wanted more. We're his army. We're not his family. We always have been.
 She can't do it without your help. So the question is... Who do you believe?
 Bracing herself.
 Don't listen to him. He knows he's dead either way. But if he can provoke you to kill him now, then you spend eternity as the boy who killed his own mother.
 Rot in hell, Julian.
 Are you testing me? Do you really believe that I would make that up?
 What are you doing?
 Hell didn't turn him evil, Lily. He was born this way.
 Lily, please...
 I forgive you for loving him, Lily. You just wanted to love us all. There's no sin in that.
 She only has moments left. Make the most of them.
 Stefan, you can't go.
 Because she wants you.
 I'm coming with you.
 Stefan.
 If anything happens to you, I will rain hell down on anyone responsible.
 It's just us.
 Beau couldn't bring himself to say good-bye.
 You knew me at my brightest and my darkest. No matter what my mood, you always saw the light in me.
 I'll miss you, Lily.
 Of course I did.
 We'll leave you two.
 Is he coming back?
 I left a few things. I'll just grab them and be on my way.
 We've spoken.
 Yeah. If only I hadn't fallen in love and placed my pregnant womb in front of Julian's boot...
 It's not a story.
 
 And I always thought you were the nice one, that you had a heart deep down. Guess I was wrong. Nora will blossom without you.
 Please tell me this is the "Julian is dead" call.
 
 Any reaction is appropriate when it comes to what he's done to us. I am sick of everyone giving this monster a pass!
 I should have gone with you. We could have ended this.
 Payback's a bitch.
 Who's there?
 I'll give it a go.
 Hmmm. Isn't this cozy? How nice it must feel to be surrounded by degenerate yes-men. How safe it must seem.
 I really only wanted to give you something that was delivered to me by mistake. It's a shame someone won't be letting you feel safe for long.
 There it is. That's the look I've been yearning to see.
 Why, Julian, dare I say you seem afraid? What a shame. To think, you just made yourself a home here, and now you have to run.
 Well, that's not good...
 May I?
 
 I think these babies are siphons... like me.
 And, I'm afraid they might be feeding off your blood... As in, they're literally siphoning the vampire magic out of your body.
 It's a talisman spelled with magic. I'm hoping the babies will pull from it instead of you.
 If it doesn't work, I'll find something stronger. I won't let anything bad happen, I promise.
 My pleasure.
 I'll be back.
 The desiccation hasn't come back. I think the babies have been siphoning very slowly for a long time. She just didn't realize it. And try not to worry. It doesn't do any good.
 ...By the way, um, have you spoken to your brother today?
 I saw him... earlier at the Mystic Grill. He seemed to be very intent on getting under Julian's skin. He made quite a show of decapitating one of his men.
 Julian warned us to stay away from his friends. Seemed like he had a bit of a death wish to me.
 Thought you might like some terrible reading material and some real food. Seeing as you're eating for three and Jell-O won't cut it.
 He... had to step out for a bit.
 
 No, I-I told him he didn't have to worry, that I would stay here and look after you.
 What? No, it's-it's not about that.
 
 We should probably get back to the hospital.
 Should I drive? I hate to think we survived all that just to have you kill us both on the road.
 
 He's strong, and well-protected. There's revenge, and then there's stupidity. Damon might not understand the difference, but you're smarter.
 Perhaps this isn't the best time to mention they ran out of cream?
 Don't be. You have every right to be upset. What did you tell them?
 Good. I compelled a doctor to shut down this entire wing, so it's just us. Didn't want a vampire C-section to draw too much attention. Has she regained consciousness?
 I gave her my magic. I stopped the desiccation.
 And what were you going to do? Allow Damon to get his head ripped off in a bloody fight ring? Your brother needed you.
 Have you talked to anyone else about what he did to Elena?
 Look, right now, all you need to worry about is inside that room. Caroline's going to have the babies. Everything will be fine. And all this will be over.
 Just hurry back.
 No, don't touch that.
 I think the babies want to stay where they can keep feeding off Caroline as a source of magic. I don't think they want to be born.
 It's his scar.
 She's right. You have to let them go. They can take Beau and draw Rayna away from us. The doctors are nearly finished. I'll do what I can on my own.
 
 I have to try.
 Remember, Never stop running. Not for a moment.
 
 
 
 No. No, that's not possible.
 And what about the others?
 
 
 Okay, you're about to come upon Highway 27. Take it north. Eventually, you'll connect with the I-20 and want to take that west.
 A safe house that's been imbued with a magical disruption spell. Even the strongest magic can't penetrate its walls, which means Rayna Cruz's sword can't track you there. Did you find 27 yet?
 
 Stefan, that's a mistake. Get back in your car. Stefan, you can't stop moving ever. Stefan, are you there?
 I may be able to help you with that.
 This is the highway system between Grantville and New Orleans. Stefan's on his way there now, and Rayna is no doubt breathing down his neck.
 Then yes, I do appreciate the irony. Just as I hope you appreciate that I helped Caroline deliver her babies and that I am here because I am desperate to keep Stefan alive.
 Thank you.
 Safe. Though, I suppose that could mean anywhere outside of your vicinity.
 
 Well, that might take a while. He's in New Orleans.
 There's a bar there. The St. James Infirmary. It's considered a safe house for supernatural travelers. Oscar came upon it when he was looking for the Phoenix Stone.
 Did you just say "The Armory?"
 
 The Armory is a black hole of lies. They once tricked us into using Beau as bait in exactly the same fashion use Stefan. And they were more than happy to let Rayna bury her sword in his heart as long as they could put her in one of their cages. I promise you, they will do the same to Stefan.
 
 Hello?
 Stefan, thank God! Have you made it to New Orleans?
 
 
 
 Well, I could, but then I might miss the world's largest ball of yarn coming up on the left... And there it goes. Not quite sure what I was expecting.
 Good thing we're on our way to get more.
 We have to take back roads to avoid being spotted.
 You've only been running a few days, Stefan. Think of it like it's an adventure!
 Then do what? Pay bills? Talk about your day? Ugh.
 Mmm. There's a certain constant in the lack of constants. And, once you accept it, it's invigorating.
 We're here.
 What is this place?
 All of them?
 Well, I hope you know what this particular herb looks like.
 Because witches are very fond of their herbs.
 So, what do you propose we do? Rub each one on your wound and hope for the best?
 
 There's wolfsbane. Vervain. Senna. Witch hazel. And this fun little guy...
 The witchy hallucinogen. The one borderline-recreational herb.
 Stefan, I misjudged you! You actually do have fun.
 
 With someone like you, there's always a bad influence.
 
 
 There you are.
 
 She's staying, isn't she?
 We'll figure something out.
 Stefan! Hey...
 Stefan!
 Stefan?
 Stefan!
 Stefan!
 I can't siphon it. It's not working.
 See? Now I'm in St. Petersburg! Red pin, I'm in Malaysia. Red pin... Oh, dear. I've landed in the ocean.
 They do sell liquor elsewhere, you know. It's best to travel light.
 No time limits here. The night is young, my friend.
 And you've found mortality doesn't trouble you?
 Then... let's think of it as an adventure!
 Damon's gone. You have no one waiting at home anymore. I have no one, either. Why not just follow where the red pins lead?
 While we search for a way to get rid of your scar. We could trace Rayna's bloodline back to wherever her ancestors come from. Start searching for answers there. But best-case scenario, we save your life. Worst case? We have a long vacation. Everyone you know has made the choice that serves them best. Why not make a choice that serves you?
 He must have been desperate to come up with that idea.
 I suppose fate has a sense of humor...
 Taxi's here. I better go.
 
 We are looking for ways to get rid of a mystical scar.
 No me. No, we're not linked.
 Yeah, you've gone off topic...
 Now you've made her uncomfortable.
 Well, here's to our one-year anniversary of chasing red pins around the world.
 Hey! It's not complete failure. While we have no solved your scar situation yet, we have discovered an astonishing variety of tropical alcohols.
 I'm afraid he can't come to the phone right now.
 I brought up how long it's been. Sorry.
 And...?
 ...And, likewise, he will never call you.
 So... cheers, then?
 Mmm. My turn to order.
 Um, one more?
 
 
 I had to get you healthy so we can do the transfer spell.
 There you are 
 The bartender has a theory...
 
 
 Ooh, yeah. Lovely stars.
 Mmmm.
 They're the same as I've seen from every place else. There's Orion, Cassiopeia...
 You're thinking of Cassandra. She doesn't have a constellation.
 No, it's not.
 
 
 
 Your suggestion was news to me.
 I never lied to him.
 All right, I lied. But I wasn't protecting myself, I was protecting him.
 By keeping you out of it! The Phoenix Scar requires a special kind of transfer. It can only go to a blood relative, and that would've meant waking you and bringing you and all the drama that you come with back into his life  a life which he was finally thriving in without you.
 The only person you ever needed was by your side all along, and you abandoned him. So, I took your place. I took Caroline's place. I've been everything to him.
 
 Yeah, by kidnapping me instead of doing the spell.
 Stefan?
 He should've never trusted you.
 We're too late! We're too late because of you!
 You're clinging to the coward's way out. This is exactly why Stefan ran.
 He ran because he knew that when the moment came, you'd let him down and choose yourself. In his heart of hearts, that's what he thinks of you, and he's right. Now is when you prove who you really are.
 We have to pull over 
 You never should have sent him there to meet her.
 
 
 
 Uh, something's wrong.
 The spell's unraveling... There's no scar to transfer.
 Stefan!
 It's my fault.
 They didn't know... that Rayna had stabbed Stefan. That his spirit was already trapped in the Phoenix Stone. They probably thought they were doing the world a favor.
 I'm not going anywhere with you. You could have prevented this. All you had to do was take Stefan's scar and put your brother first, for once in your life.
 The Stone is destroyed, Damon. And Stefan with it.
 Yes, we do, if we have logic, and a sense of reason, and a brain.
 I see I've been charitable in assuming you have a brain...
 To do what you just told me to do  without you. Invisique.
 Well? Go ahead and answer him. What do you mean, "free?"
 
 What are you talking about?
 
 I don't give a damn about a bunch of old vampire souls! Where did Stefan end up?
 Rayna  where did Stefan go?
 It's like what happened with Jo, only more random. All the vampire souls from the Phoenix Stone have found fresh corpses to inhabit. Some vampires, some not.
 Stefan is among the missing, and something tells me that your household has a vested interest in whether he lives or dies.
 
 Keep him close. We're going to need his body.
 Tell me... What are they like? The voices?
 
 Do you have any pictures of Stefan?
 Not you. Caroline. Now, don't tell me she hasn't got some bloody sentimental keepsake.
 Giving you something to focus on while I help you sort through the noise.
 It's perfect.
 Here. Look into his eyes. Concentrate.
 
 
 
 A tattoo on his hand. He's hurt. He's scared.
 I saw a burning bus. A merchant marine tattoo, a guy who saves a bunch of kids and then goes on the lam... I think this Marty Hammond is our guy.
 It's okay. I can track Stefan's body.
 And then what? And then kill him? That's what you're not saying. Who is he?
 Well, he is walking this earth in my boyfriend's body, so we're not killing anyone.
 
 How convenient for you.
 Well, if this ends badly, you emerge the victor. Stefan dies through no fault of your own  less competition for your fiancée's heart.
 Don't pretend it hasn't crossed your mind. I am very familiar with the sensation of watching Stefan and Caroline from the outside.
 You see, I never fooled myself into thinking that what I had with Stefan would last. But you? You put a ring on it.
 
 
 I can hear music. It's... a fraternity house.
 
 How's Stefan?
 
 Gemini spells usually take two witches, Damon. I'm trying to gather the strength to ensure that I can actually get him back into his own body.
 
 
 I'll get you back to where you belong. Don't worry.
 Thank you for doing all this.
 
 
 Care for a drink?
 Well, you know what they say  "There's no place like home."
 No matter where we traveled, you were always going on and on about how much you missed this musty old house. I figured you'd be more comfortable here, and I wanted to see the real you.
 You're going to be fine. Promise.
 The only thing you need to worry about is our next destination. Any ideas? Or would you rather spin the old globe in the upstairs study and let fate decide?
 I suppose there's something about standing on the precipice of death that lends itself to deep thoughts.
 Well, we wouldn't have to call it "running." We could call it "sightseeing".
 "Home?" You do remember we can't go back to Mystic Falls, right? Matt Donovan made sure of that.
 Unless you're talking about somewhere else... Dallas, maybe?
 But things are different now. And you have a chance to go back to your real life.
 
 Be honest  have I only been a pleasant distraction these past few years, or am I something more?
 
 
 
 I have no intention of breaking that promise.
 
 
 Better.
 I was trying to write you a letter... Like the ones you used to write Caroline when you thought I wasn't looking.
 
 You were afraid that it wouldn't have been worth it. Me sacrificing myself for you. Because you don't love me the way I love you... And the guilt of that sacrifice would eat you alive.
 The truth is... I've never loved anyone the way I love you. But that's not true for you. And now, by some miracle, you get the chance to go back and make things right with Caroline. I know you never meant to hurt me. I even know that you loved me in your own way. And maybe if things had been different, if the world had been kinder to us... I could've been the love of your life, too. Your small, quiet human life.
 Don't be. I think it will be good for me, to find a new life that's completely my own. I've never had that.
 I know you don't always believe this, but... You deserve to be happy, Stefan. Please, be happy.
