 Something botherin' you?
 Aye, I would. How does it feel when a relentless eating machine is draining the blood from your veins?
 Your friends from Mystic Falls think you're funny, Damon?
 Aye, I have. 
 I've been killing vampires my entire life. Still, this thing refused to reveal itself to me. That was, until three days ago and it just magically completed for no apparent reason.
 Ah! You're not taking me seriously. 
 At the wishing well lies an entrance to a crypt. In the crypt lies Silas. And with Silas lies the cure, which will allow me to kill Silas, bring the mission of the brotherhood of the Five to an end. You're my leverage, Damon; I use you to get your witch friend to open the passage to Silas' crypt for me.
 I guess we'll see about that.
 You really don't understand, do you?
 Silas is immortal. I have to cram the cure down his throat in order to kill him.
 I need to use the cure against Silas. Your friends, they can't exactly have it, now, can they?
 Even if I wanted to, I couldnae.
 So it is written.
 There is only one dose.
 And you'll what? Threaten me? Sorry if you're upset about the cure, Damon, but we've got road to cover.
 Right.
 How did I do that?
 I don't remember doing such a thing.
 I'm telling you, it wasnae me.
 No. You?
 
 Looks like your witch is casting her spell.
 That's a shame, Damon. I have no use for you anymore. Hate to kill ya.
 I'll make it quick and painless.
 Your attachment to your friends will be the end of you.
 Oh, he doesn't, but he's got other toys.
 Don't listen to the witch, boy. We have to raise Silas, and we have to do it now.
 What you shoulda done already. I'm gonna raise Silas...
 You're a bit confused, Mr. Gilbert. We're on the same team here.
 I don't mess around with witches.
 It's what it's meant for!
 What else would you use it for? 
 Torture me all you want. 
 
 Oh, she had someone on the inside, some werewolf girl, friends with your professor.
 New Orleans. That's all I know.
 You know, if you're smart, you'll use the cure to kill Silas.
 All right, okay. Well, you be careful up there, you know, 'cause he's up there, running about.
 You don't believe me? Check my pack.
 I found it in the chamber where he lay. They say no one has seen him. No one knows his face. How do you hide from the devil when you don't know what he looks like? Who knows? Maybe I'm him. 
 
 Too bad you can't.
 Got a little message for you, laddie. Straight from the mouth of the witch Qetsiyah.
 Yeah, borrowed it from my jarhead friend, Connor. Shoots wood like lead.
 No, but you left me in that well on that island, where I starved to death. There I was, all alone on the Other Side, till Qetsiyah found me and reminded me of my supernatural destiny – to cure Silas, and then kill Silas. End of story–
 What is it?
 I'm not following you, Damon. Where exactly did you put the body?
 The hell happened to you?
 Connor...
 This was all a lie, eh? You knew you were a dead man. 
 One more jolt of werewolf toxin, and you'll be dead within minutes. 
