 No.
 Hey.
 You've been stealing my med!
 Every day, when you get your meds, you ask the nurse, "Hey, do I have any messages from my doctor?" Then, she looks, and you swap my meds with sugar pills.
 Why are you stealing my meds?
 Thank you. I finally feel like myself again. And I haven't felt like myself in a really long time.
 You want to get something to eat?
 Same as you, I guess. I was betrayed by someone I loved. Except it was my family, not my boyfriend.
 That's even worse.
 Let's just say I tried to save them from something... dark. Turns out, they didn't want to be saved. So, my sister had me drugged up and locked away in this psych ward. Got everyone to say I'm crazy, which I'm not.
 You know who my family is? Is that why you're here? To spy on me?
 Do you work for them?
 
 
 Prove it. Do magic.
 If you really were a Bennett witch, they would have tracked you down a long time ago.
 
 
 
 You also promised to get me out of this place, remember? Do you have a key code or something?
 There's a vault in the basement of the Armory. It was sealed by a Bennett witch a long time ago, and only a Bennett witch can unlock it.
 As far as my family knew, Lucy Bennett was the only living witch in your line, but she disappeared about four years ago. I'm not sure why we didn't know about you...
 Something that can't be let out.
 First, you have to sweat that you'll never open it.
 Oh... I was hoping you'd be... on my side.
 Sorry. I can't let you open the vault.
 Let me go! Let me go! She's a witch! She's trying to break out! You have to stop her. Please!
 You have to stop her! She can't open that vault! She can't open... the vault...
 Well, that's the question everyone's been asking since 1882... when my great-grandfather first managed to open it.
 It's not a what. It's not a who. It's what it does to you.
 Eating away at your soul, until all that remains... is darkness.
 My great-grandfather was only in there a few moments. My sister Yvette has been trapped in there for four years. And I can't imagine what she's been twisted into in that time.
 Whatever's inside that vault... wants out. And you have to promise me you won't let Alex set it free.
 She didn't listen, did she? After everything I said, she still opened the vault?
 If that thing's allowed to get out in the world, we're...
 You can't fight it. You can't kill it. It's been alive for thousands of years.
 
 
 You let them open the vault. I told you not to open it.
 It has come... for them...
