 Good Morning everyone. Alrighty.
 Alaric Saltzman. It's a mouthful, I know. Doesn't exactly roll off the tongue. Saltzman is of German origins. My family emigrated here in 1755 to Texas. I, however, was born and raised in Boston. Now the name Alaric belongs to a very dead great-grandfather I will never be able to thank enough. You'll probably want to pronounce "Alaric" but it's "Alaric," okay? So, you can call me Rick. I'm your new history teacher.
 
 Yeah, I saw that. But, the problem is, we're halfway through a semester and half a fail is still pretty bleak. 
 
 History. Pick a topic, keep it local, and no Wikipedia-regurgita. These old towns have a rich history, so just get your hands dirty, make it sing and your back on track. Deal?
 
 Jeremy. What's up, man?
 
 It was my first day. I wanted to make a good impression.
 Where's he go?
 So, are you from here? Are you a townie?
 Why'd you leave?
 What'd he do?
 The basics...fell in love, married young, my wife died.
 Yeah, that's always a good conversation stopper.
 Well, you, me and the North Carolina police department are all wondering the same thing. It's what's known as a cold case.
 A change of pace, new scenery. I like it here. It's got a rich history.
 Oh no no. I've got you beat. I have pathetic down to a science.
 Glasses, skin condition.
 Well, some other time then. Have a good night, Jenna.
 Hey Elena. Jenna
 
 
 Excuse me, Mayor. 
 Whoa. What’s going on out here?
 I don’t wanna go back inside. What I want is an answer to my question. What’s going on out here?
 No. You look like a full grown alpha male douchebag.
 Ah, you do that. Then it will be you and me in this parking lot, working things out. You cool with that?
 Ok.
 
 A friend of Jenna's.
 No, I came on my own.
 Either way, here I am.
 Jenna is a good person. She deserves the best. I'm here to make sure she gets it.
 I’m not a violent guy by design.
 How’s that?
 Which means you shouldn't be awake for at least six hours.
 I'm going to be home late.
 I love you too.
 Hey, Jeremy. I, uh...can't find my ring. I took it off for the gym, and thought I put it...there it is! Losing family heirlooms...bad. How's your extra credit coming? You pick a topic yet?
 What's the angle?
 That sounds good.
 I'm going to be late tonight.
 Surprised? It's a good essay. Your thoughts are clear, and your argument is well laid out. It's just, uh, you don't actually think there are vampires in Mystic Falls.
 It's conjecture, but creative, which is why you got the "A." I just wouldn't get too, uh, caught up in the whole conspiracy theory of it all.
 Oh, uh, Jeremy,the source that you cited for the 1860s info, uh, Johnathan Gilbert...?
 I'd really like to see that sometime.
 A first-person account of the Civil War? That's like, uh, porn for a history teacher.
 Thank you.
 Hey, look at you.
 Heh heh. Liar.
 Oh. Can't wait. Can I get you a drink? I hear the punch is real boss.
 Uh, losing someone you love so suddenly, the, uh—the trauma and the grief there are some of the tougher things he'll face in life.
 That's the hard part, not knowing.
 Heh. There's not much to talk about.
 I'd be lying to you if I told you it didn't keep me up at night. Wondering why, by who.
 Hope so.
 I hope so.
 Yeah, I don't recognize you. How'd you get roped into chaperoning? Alaric Saltzman. I'm the new history teacher.
 So I've been told.
 Salvatore, as in, uh, Stefan?
 I hear he's very bright, not that I've had a chance to see for myself.
 No parents?
 You, uh—you live here your whole life?
 Really? Where? Around the states? 
 Enjoy the rest of the dance.
 
 Looking for Ms. Hilden.
 I got a job as a teacher.
 You're my student's brother.
 Yes.
 Well, thank you for—for coming. I...I really appreciate it. You made the evening much more...Well, you made it, period.
 And thank you for putting up with all that wife talk. I...I gotta stop doin' that. It doesn't bode well for dating.
 No, definitely not a date.
 But Friday...You, me, and dinner and a movie, that could be a date. How about it?
 Still, I think I'll keep the Isobel talk to a minimum.
 Yeah. That was her name.
 Virginia. I mean, not too- -not too far from here, actually.
 
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Someone there?
 I'm a teacher.
 I'm also a historian. And while researching Virginia, I made a few discoveries about your town.
 My wife was a parapsychologist. She spent her life researching paranormal activity in this area. It was her work that led me here.
 Dead. A vampire killed her.
 What do you want with it?
 It's on my desk.
 It was on my desk.
 I learned just recently. What about your brother?
 Who do you think killed my wife?
 I witnessed it.
 I just want to find out what happened to my wife.
 Yeah. I saw him draining the life out of her. He must have heard me coming. He just...disappeared. So did her body. They never found her.
 I can take care of myself.
 I don't know. It's just weird, you know, me being raffled off like a Disney Cruise.
 Here. Let me help you with this.
 What?
 Isobel? Like my wife?
 Isobel never had a baby.
 Nope. No way.
 Ah, she, uh—she never told me. I, uh—I'm gonna go. Yeah, I'm gonna—gonna go.
 Thanks for meeting me. Something's come up.
 Yeah.
 What does Elena know?
 About everything. About you, your brother.
 Does she know about Damon and Isobel?
 You said you'd help me.
 Ask him again.
 You know, he murdered my wife, or at the very least made a meal out of her. When has he been stable?
 Give me a reason not to.
 Is that what you'll tell Elena? Let it go?
 I need to know what happened. I think you would, too.
 Is.
 Can't you, uh, can't you finish this in the morning?
 Yeah, see, I like sleeping at night. With you.
 Okay, I'll bite. What is it, thesis stuff?
 Look, baby, I'm in a three-way here with you and your computer, the least you can do is let me know what you're up to.
 Okay. I'll get my garlic and holy water, and then maybe, just maybe...
 We can get some sleep. Come here.
 Look, this is why I love you, because you believe in all of this stuff. So much so that you're making a degree out of it. You're like Mulder, except hotter and a girl.
 It's, uh, more fun with a buzz.
 You don't strike me as somebody who gets depressed.
 Nope. Just a hunch.
 You have a good afternoon.
 What? Embarrassed and uncomfortable?
 Hey, look, um, I'm, uh, sorry about earlier. It was just kind of a a shock.
 No, I get it.
 Yeah.
 I don't know if that's a a great idea. 
 I'm a teacher at Mystic Falls High.
 History.
 Uh, well...
 
 I think it's time to let this vampire crap go. I mean, the research, the trips, it's become an obsession.
 Why? Why is it so important? Explain it to me. I mean, make me understand.
 
 Where's Isobel? What have you done to my wife?
 I saw you feeding on her.
 Why?
 You turned her because you liked her?
 What happened? What's going on?
 No. I - I went for him and then he, uh  he stabbed me.
 
 I, uh...
 Isobel.
 Surprise gifts aren't fair. I always feel bad for not getting you something.
 Oh, that's a giant piece of jewelry.
 Where'd you get this?
 A ring to ward off the demons, eh?
 Well, you were definitely crazy.
 Yes, I do.
 This ring protected me.
 I know.
 You can't hurt me.
 What about it?
 Yeah. The part where I try and kill you again. Only this time, I don't miss.
 I'm sorry, Elena. But it's not my problem.
 You're lying.
 All right! Wait. I'll go.
 I've you to thank for that.
 Those are tranquilizer darts filled with vervain.
 Whoa. What are you doing?
 If we're gonna go, let's go.
 Oh, good, someone's home. Uh, could I use your phone? My car broke down a few miles up the road. This was the first house I saw.
 Yeah. Lucky me. It's no trouble, is it?
 Great. Whew.
 Hey, man, I really appreciate it. It's rough out there.
 Thanks.
 I'm really sorry. But you're gonna need to invite a friend of mine inside.
 I know that. But you've gotta make an exception.
 You were supposed to compel her.
 She is human.
 Damn it, Elena!
 Let's get out of here.
 One.
 So, what you said to get me to do this, about my wife. It was a lie, wasn't it?
 I made a copy of a paper Jeremy wrote for me. I think you should take a look at it.
 He's very clear that he didn't think it was real.
 So, how do you deal with it?
 With all the lies and the secrets. You have to lie to everyone who's important to you.
 I think Stefan is a good guy. But at the end of the day he's still a vampire.
 Well uh...Things have been a little crazy but I'm here now. Do you want to get a drink?
 Okay.
 What the hell is that?
 Whose?
 Well, it looks like mine.
 Isobel, my wife.
 Do you think John knew Isobel?
 Okay, you obviously know who I am.
 How did you get that ring?
 Okay, this week we're gonna set outside our regular curriculum for a lesson in local history as we approach Founders' Day. Apparently the community leaders feels it's more important than World War 2 but hey what do I know?
 Well, it looks like we will be at full occupancy today. Welcome home, Bonnie.
 Stefan! Are you okay?
 Hi.
 Yeah I am. Let me get that for you.
 How...how is Stefan?
 You know, he seems on edge.
 I'm the chauffeur.
 I have no idea.
 Good, there you are. Jenna wanted me to get the car.
 What happened?
 Hey, it's Alaric Saltzman.
 Ah, it's a mystery. Listen, I've, uh, been doing some digging on Elena's uncle. You interested?
 I've got an old friend from Duke. Who studied criminology when we were there together. Let's just say he's become a very proficient digger.
 Well, I had him run a track on John's cell records. He was getting a call from a number...The same number that Elena dialed to get Isobel. And then the number was disconnected.
 Right. Well, after that, he started getting calls from a new number. And I had my friend run a geotrack. Got the address. It's...It's an apartment in Grove Hill.
 I don't know. I thought we could take a look and see what we find.
 Oh, so you can go without me? No. I don't think so.
 Yeah, well, you did kill me.
 Done.
 This is the one here. The records show is was paid 3 months in advance.
 Yeah, how does that work? You always have to be invited in?
 Heh. Could we not kill anyone tonight, please?
 It doesn't look like anyone's home.
 Helping you out how?
 So, do you live here alone or is there someone else here?
 What else do you do for him?
 What does John want with them?
 No, I looked everywhere. The place is...The place is clean.
 Oh, man, this was a real dead-end.
 Oh, man. I...I gotta stop this. I can't...I can't keep searching for her.
 What are you going on? 146?
 Ahh. I mean, no answer is enough. I keep thinking I wanna know why, when, you know, the precise moment. When my wife decided life with me wasn't enough.
 That's enough, Damon. I don't wanna hear anymore. I just don't want to waste any more of my life. Searching for answers that I really don't want. I'm through with Isobel. I...I'm done with all of this. Yeah.
 Isobel.
 Where have you been, Isobel?
 It's that simple?
 You were my wife, and I loved you. How could I not search for you?
 You want me to deliver a message?
 Screw you. You selfish bitch.
 What do you want from me?
 I'm not gonna do anything for you.
 So these are the specs for the History department. For the Founders' Day float we'll be recreating the battle of Willow Creek. Tyler has been nominated at the head of the production design.
 By me. I've seen your sketches and they're good.
 Well, you just pick your team, be creative and...Don't screw up.
 Come with me. We need to talk.
 Damon, thanks for coming.
 I saw Isobel last night.
 No.
 No, I didn't ask.
 Didn't ask.
 I don't know.
 No, I was a little too distracted by my dead vampire wife to ask any questions.
 She's threatened to go on killing spree.
 No, Isobel made it clear we're not to step a foot inside.
 You're not going to kill her period!
 She's my wife. Was my wife. I looked for the woman I married but she wasn't there. Whoever that is, she's cold and detached.
 Yeah, see, I don't get that. Stefan has his humanity, he's a good guy. And you're a dick and you kill people but I still see something human in you. But with her there was...nothing.
 You haven't.
 What do you want?
 What the hell are you doing? You act like you don't care and yet here you are hunting me down.
 You couldn't be bothered the first time so why now?
 Does that make it easier for you? I mean what is the whole point of this exercise?
 The woman who gave me this (He shows her the ring). I mean you act like you don't care but you care enough to protect me after you left.
 Right! And that person is gone. The woman that I married, the woman I loved, she's just...she's gone.
 You expect me to believe that?
 Well, I'm ring free, I'm vervain free. So, either kill me or compel me because I don't believe it. Not for a second.
 Yeah?
 Yeah, why do you ask?
 Yeah, got it.
 Hey, I got this one. There's one over there. Take this, go! Go! Go!
 Yeah, he's not the only one. The cops have gotten everyone who's gone down, injecting them with vervain.
 I saw at least five vampires go down. They're taking them to your family's old building.
 Maybe she didn't.
 I don't know. I haven't seen him since this started.
 Of course.
 Elena mentioned you needed my help.
 Now, why would I know anything about the Lockwood's?
 Isobel's research here in Mystic Falls rooted in folklores and legends but at the time I thought much of which was fiction.
 The lycanthrope.
 Why do you suspect the Lockwoods?
 Well, all her things are still at Duke. I mean her office is still there. She's technically still missing.
 Well, the school has been keeping me busy.
 Yeah, I figured it was time to take care of my wife's things you know. Look Jenna, I know things between you and I have been a little start and stop and I'm sorry for that but maybe once I can...
 I don't think she's pretending. You did kill her brother.
 So Isobel was officially employed by the anthropology department given that most paranormal phenomenon is rooted in folklore.
 Excuse me, hi. I'm Alaric Saltzman, I called earlier.
 These are my friends Elena and Damon. I hope this isn't too much of an imposition.
 No, I'm afraid not.
 Well, then you should know just how possible this is.
 Hey guys, check this out.
 It's Native American.
 I trust you're not gonna say anything about this to anyone.
 Hopefully I won't have to.
 Listen, you don't want to get caught up in this. Really, it'll take over and will keep from being able to live your life.
 Isobel became her research. She wanted to become a vampire and she got her wish.
 Anyway, I was wondering what it would be like to come back here. It's...it's okay, it's really okay. It feels good to have her in my past. You know, it' time to move behind this.
 I should have done that this morning.
 Oh, the expensive stuff! I like you already.
 Yeah, you know, I thought it would be nice to meet some of Jenna's high school friends. Dig up a little dirt.
 To dirty shame.
 We were just doing shots. Let me give you a shot glass, buddy.
 Hey! Food's ready, come get it.
 So Mason, you and Jenna never dated?
 Yeah, I look forward to it.
 What are you doing here?
 Does Elena know you're here?
 This is Isobel research's from Duke. Her assistant sent it to me.
 Vanessa, yes. Now, do you remember the old Aztec curse she told us about?
 Yeah, supposedly vampires and werewolves used to roam freely until a shaman put a curse on them to limit their power. Since then, werewolves can only turn on a full moon and vampires are weakened by the sun.
 According to the legend, the werewolf part of the curse is sealed with the moonstone.
 Maybe Mason Lockwood believes he can use the moonstone to break the curse.
 Yeah, well, it's a skill. Here.
 Where's the, um, where's the sea salt?
 Oh, he went straight up to his room. He said he wasn't hungry.
 I don't know. Everything go okay today?
 Jenna! Jenna!
 This works with compressed air. The trigger mechanism is up here. I have two of these in a different size. For you I recommend this. It fits nicely under the jacket sleeve. You use the trigger when you're ready.
 You wanted me to show you how to kill a vampire.
 Are you sure you guys don't want me there tonight?
 Okay. Well, I'll make sure she doesn't leave my sight.
 What do you mean?
 I don't know what to tell you, Elena.
 Wait, wait, wait.
 Stefan asked me to keep an eye on you, just in case Katherine showed up while he was at the party.
 Just let this one go. Okay Elena?
 Elena. Ahem.
 We didn't think anyone else was up.
 We were just-
 Chunky Monkey?
 Well...
 Well that sounds...
 Sheriff Forbes has officially declared Mason Lockwood a missing person.
 Some girl from Florida showed up on the Lockwood's door step looking for Mason.
 I don't know but she sure got everyone in a tizzy.
 I'm at the Grill.
 Where is Mason anyway?
 So you think she is a werewolf?
 What is that?
 Well hello. Can I have a scotch and whatever this beautiful woman is drinking.
 Oh come on, it's not like I'm a freak. I'm just being friendly to somebody who's new to town.
 Because I've never seen you here before and I am here every night.
 I'm not bothering anybody.
 Please don't talk about me like I'm not here.
 Damon, how about that second round?
 Just let it go, Damon. Don't be stupid.
 Damon, look up! Just look up.
 If this werewolf stuff is true, one bite and you're dead. One bite! Alright? Don't risk it. Just go home, lock your doors and we'll deal with it in the morning.
 Hey, Damon. The wolf is at the grill.
 Yeah, yeah. I just left Damon a message.
 She could have a cure for Rose. I couldn't find anything in Isobel's research except that it's fatal.
 Even if I did, she isn't gonna help.
 So this isn't about Rose, it's about Elena. I have an old number, probably out of service.
 You know you can't trust Isobel, even when it comes to Elena.
 Alright. I'm gonna see if I can find the number. If I do, I'll text it to you.
 That's what you get for hitting the snooze three times!
 You know, I'm uh, probably just gonna take off.
 It's definitely a little overwhelming.
 It's not called action news.
 So you think it's a setup?
 Well, Jenna and I were supposed to go to her family's lake house, but somehow, we both got roped into doing this Historical Society thing at the Lockwoods.
 Tell me you're not gonna kill him at the tea party.
 How would I know?
 If you say so, John.
 You're a dick.
 Yeah. How's the throat?
 Yeah. That Elijah's one scary dude, but with nice hair. Hey. You want another one?
 Yeah. I'd think twice before I'd trust that dagger and some ashes to do the job. 
 What's up with you and this news chick?
 Just don't kill her, please.
 Just don't do it, all right? She's friends with Jenna, and it's bad enough that I'm lying to her about everything else. I hate the lies.
 Oh, God. I got to go. I got to pick Jenna up. 
 Yeah, sorry. I...I...I've just been grading papers. 
 Sorry. Tomorrow I'm all yours, OK?
 All right. Good night, Jenna.
 Yeah, I got your message about walking Elijah here through the old property lines. I thought I would tag along. You know being a history buff and all. Where to next?
 So is Jenna.
 Right.
 No, it was boring. Of course, Jenna thinks he's charming.
 Maybe we shouldn't talk about this here.
 This is too weird.
 Well, as much as I'd like to continue this, I've got papers to grade.
 I don't know if tonight works...
 This is a bad idea.
 No. I don't like the idea of Elijah being in the same house with Jenna.
 Just a fact-finding mission?
 Listen, no sneak attacks. No surprise plans. Nothing that's gonna put Jenna in harm's way. Okay?
 Yeah.
 There are not going to be any games tonight, John. It's just a friendly dinner party.
 None for me thanks. Nine bottles of wine is my limit.
 Here, here. Put me to work.
 Hey, Jenna, are you...are you okay?
 What did you do now?
 You son of a bitch!
 Hello. Slow down. Slow down. Stefan?
 Gentlemen, we forgot about dessert.
 Now, get rid of him before Jenna comes back with dessert.
 You said there wasn't going to be any violence.
 Hey, I took the shot because I saw an opening, not because I planned to do this with Jenna in the house. Now, you can't lie to me like that.
 Hey, I am your friend, damn it. And you don't have any friends. So, no more lying.
 Where did John disappear to?
 Look, Jenna, I'm, uh...I'm so sorry tonight was...
 You know, John should have never brought that up.
 He's just trying to stir up trouble.
 I can't talk about this, Jenna.
 You want it? Take it. It's yours. And after what you did to Damon...
 You're gonna need it more than me.
 It was bad. You know, John planted all these seeds about Isobel and now Jenna knows I'm lying about something.
 Yeah, well, easier said than done. I gave him back his ring so...Look, Jenna keeps asking about Isobel. You know, was she murdered? Why haven't they found the body? I mean, how much longer can she stay in the dark?
 I'm saying I can't be with her and not tell her. It's not fair to her, and it's not the kind of relationship I want.
 Look, I'm sorry to put this on you. But I feel it's your decision to make. And whatever you decide to do, I'll respect it. I want to be honest with her. But until then, Jenna and I are done.
 Jenna.
 Yeah. Well, señor tequila's not going to be treating you very well.
 Look, Jenna, I hate that you're this upset with me.
 Jenna...
 I think it's time we get out of here.
 She's with Stefan, she's okay.
 Jenna, are you going to be okay? Look, Isobel is dead and there things about her death that I can't tell you. That aren't for me to tell. You can be upset and hate me. I get it but just know that I love you. At least I can tell you that much.
 Good night.
 Hey. Is she up yet?
 What'd you tell her?
 We're gonna have to fix this, Elena.
 Jenna.
 Okay, listen. I can't begin to imagine what you must be feeling right now.
 Jenna, please just stop. Let us explain to you exactly what is going on.
 Sorry, Elena.
 Isobel. What do you want?
 Yeah, we don't have any loose ends.
 It's a little late for that.
 Look, whatever jacked-up vampire amends that you're trying to make with me right now, I'm not interested.
 Zdravei, Katerina.
 I have missed you.
 Oh! Who is this guy, Safari Sam?
 Okay, bad, or badder?
 Oh, thank you, honey. Okay, pop quiz. The dagger and white ash are in the Salvatores' possession, correct?
 Okay, that dagger needs to stay exactly where it is. The last thing I need to do is resurrect Elijah. Oh, that guy is a buzzkill.
 Right. Elena's aunt. For all the lies about Isobel. What else?
 Oh, so jumpy.
 You see, I believe that you believe that, but what would you not know? What could they be keeping from you? Hmm? Anything? Tell me.
 Bonnie the best friend? I thought you said she didn't have her powers anymore.
 Well, we'll have to get to the bottom of that.
 And show you kindness? I've searched for you for over 500 years. Your death is going to last at least half that long.
 I want you to take this knife...And stab yourself.
 Now take it out.
 Now while I'm gone, I want you to do that over and over and over again and if you get bored, switch legs.
 I'm gonna go lay eyes on my precious doppelgänger.
 Oh, don't look so glum, Katerina. The fun is just beginning. Again.
 Yes, do hurry. I'm anxious to get out of this body. And if you get hung up, call me. You know how impatient I get.
 To retrieve me. So I can get out of this bad hair-do.
 Well, the full moon is almost upon us.
 I've killed the witch, I have the moon stone, and the doppelgänger is waiting in the wings. Ohh, I am ready to break this curse.
 Because I have to. It's the birthplace of the doppelgänger.
 Well, how could you? You betrayed me and fled England before I could give you the details, Katerina. But I did find your birthplace and I slaughtered your family. So I guess we're cool. Let's just hope that Elena isn't as stupid as you were.
 And that's exactly what I'm counting on.
 You can't leave until I tell you to.
 Hi, Stefan. How's it going?
 You know, I find chopping...calming. The feel of the blade in the hand, maybe.
 Well, would you like to tell her, Stefan, or should I?
 Do you believe in vampires, Jenna? No?
 Well, who does, right? But believe it or not, they do have a place in our history. And as a history teacher, I find them fascinating.
 Well, you've been angry with me for keeping secrets, and this is one of my secrets. I'm obsessed with vampires. There. I said it.
 Not at all. How about you, Stefan? Are you a fan of vampires?
 Hmm. Did you know that vampires are the oldest creatures of the night? Except for werewolves, of course.
 You know, I've read that there's an Aztec curse on both species that keeps werewolves slaves to the Moon and vampires bound by the Sun. Isn't that right, Stefan? You know, they say these creatures would do anything to have this curse broken and that they wouldn't care who they had to kill to do it.
 Oh, I know this all sounds so crazy, but...vampires are real. Would you care for some more wine?
 Excuse me?
 Jenna...
 I'm afraid I don't want to.
 You're not going anywhere.
 You can't kill me, Stefan.
 I may not have a witch protecting me today, but if you kill this body, what's to stop me from choosing Jenna as my next one?
 Kill me. Just remind Elena how easy it will be for me to get my revenge if she tries to stop me from breaking this curse.
 You mind turning that down?
 Well, this body has outlived its usefulness.
 No, Katerina, I don't want a drink.
 What I want is for you to sit down and shut up.
 Maddox, what took you so long?
 Greta. Finally.
 Elena?
 Jenna, Jenna!
 Jenna, put the crossbow down, okay? It's me.
 It's me, Elena, I swear, okay? He let me go. Klaus let me go.
 Okay, uh, first night you and I spent together, Jeremy walked in right when I was about to...
 He wanted me to deliver a message. The sacrifice happens tonight.
 No. It's like I blacked out and woke up three days later. Katherine was there.
 So what else did I do?
 What the hell's going on?
 Okay, Jenna, downstairs are some blood bags. Go get them now. Go!
 Yeah, well, we'll be downstairs.
 I know it's, uh, it's a lot to take in.
 I tried to protect you from all this, but I should have known you could handle it.
 Well, you just did. Look, Jenna...I know we have a lot to talk about.
 I'll have the same.
 Yeah. Yeah, you did.
 No, not really.
 You're going to screw it up, aren't you?
 I think it won't matter, because you'll be dead.
 And you'll still be dead.
 What do you want me to do?
 Well, somebody had to invite him in. Damon. Would you like to, uh, come in?
 You sure?
 Okay.
 There you are. I got here, the house was empty.
 So when do we attack?
 What is it? What's wrong?
 Elijah and Stefan are upstairs. 
 Jeremy...Something's happened to Jenna.
 He wasn't going to let Jenna die.
 Except for Bonnie.
 Hey, are you okay?
 All right. I got the weapons in the car.
 Bonnie! What is this?
 I can't stay here with Jenna out there!
 You can't do this! Damon?
 No! You can't do this. Bonnie! Bonnie!
 
 Oh, hey, what's going on?
 I think they're here!
 What about Jenna?
 No.
 Sorry, you've reached somebody who's currently not operating.
 Well, you must have me confused with somebody else. You see, I'm not allowed to help, just idly sit by while my girlfriend gets sacrificed on an altar of blood.
 What?
 What do you need?
 Well, that looks bad.
 Double shot.
 He's just trying to help.
 I don't blame you for Jenna.
 Okay, give me your glass. Neither one of us is drunk enough for this conversation.
 Screw you.
 Elena's not here, Damon.
 You know, now's not a good time, Sheriff. Trust me.
 I wouldn't go in there!
 I wouldn't go in there!
 Tell me you're with Elena.
 No, he just escaped. I think he's looking for her, and the cops are after him. Listen, he's in bad shape, Jeremy, so if you find her, get her somewhere safe, okay? I'm on my way.
 Bonnie, what's going on?
 Oh, my God.
 All right, come here, buddy. I got you. I got you.
 Is this even possible?
 What? What is it?
 Well, they have to!
 Well, he's just a kid. Tell 'em to shut up!
 Hey, bud. I'm gonna take off. Need anything?
 You know, uh, on second thought, I might just crash here. Is that cool?
 All right.
 Ah, you can thank me tomorrow...
 And the day after that.
 Was that uh...Stefan news?
 You certain Stefan's still with him?
 Yeah, Yeah, I'm good.
 Eh, sleeping in your dead parent's room or my dead...girlfriend's room. Nah.
 Hey Elena.
 Happy Birthday.
 Elena? I don't know why you just don't come clean and tell her where we are.
 Yeah, well they're all half leads, and I'm your accomplice. What do you want me to say to her, I'm practically living there.
 You know, I keep waiting for them to kick me out but they don't. I don't know why, it's not like I'm helping or anything.
 It's quiet.
 Ugh. Vampire for sure.
 How do you know?
 Back together?
 What are you doing?
 I am every parent's worst nightmare. I am the chaperone teacher from hell.
 Isn't Andie supposed to be coming?
 Ahh.
 Your fake, compelled girlfriend wants you to be a chivalrous boyfriend?
 Yeah.
 You mean the fort full of my drunk history students?
 Ahh. I'm not going to stay here any more.
 I'm not a role model. You know, I drink too much, I say the wrong things. You know, I encourage bad behavior. At school I can pull it together, but in my own life...You know, the way I miss Jenna, it's just, I'm really not any good to anybody right now. I'm sorry, Elena. You're eighteen. You can do all this alone now. You can do it better without me.
 Go away, Damon!
 You're, uh...not who I expected.
 Did you miss the part where I checked out of all this?
 Ask Damon.
 For good reason. Because it's not safe for you. Stefan's off the rails.
 And why do you have to be the one to save him?
 They've been tracking werewolves, he and Klaus. All over the eastern seaboard. We thought we had 'em outside of Memphis...
 Did you get anything?
 You wanna hunt down a pack of werewolves on a full moon?
 Yea, I meant like frozen dinners and SATs. A-all right fine. Let's just...Let's just go. But, uh, you're driving.
 In a couple hours, the full moon's gonna rise just above that ridge. If Tyler's right, that's where the pack'll be.
 Slash whiskey-drinking all-around lost cause.
 Well, we aren't exactly bird-watching. Here. Put that in your bag.
 Wolfsbane.
 That's John Gilbert's ring.
 He gave it to you.
 Yeah, well, then why don't you save it for future generations of stubborn, relentless baby Gilberts?
 You think I'd take you to a mountain range of werewolves on a full moon without backup?
 Right now, you're both acting like idiots.
 What are you guys, twelve?
 We got about a mile left.
 Stay where you are!
 Let me guess. Hybrid.
 All right, that's the last of the vervain. We don't have enough stuff to hold him. I don't think we're gonna make that Ridge before the full moon.
 Tell him that.
 You know, those ropes aren't gonna hold the wolf.
 Come on. Let's keep moving.
 He can handle himself. Let's move.
 I am the reason he's out here. I told him where we were, and I'm telling you to keep moving. Let's go. Elena, now!
 Let the vampires fight the hybrid zombie mountain man. I'll take care of keeping the humans safe.
 I know what you're doing. Don't. There doesn't need to be a lesson here.
 Oh, boy, are you a sucker for a lost cause or what?
 I'm keeping the ring, then.
 Know what you're doing there?
 What's up?
 Ah. Those founders parties aren't really my thing.
 Why are you here, exactly?
 Hey, uh, I think you need to take a beat with Elena.
 Whatever it is you two have going on, I think it's a bad idea.
 It is my problem. I'm supposed to look after her, and this is me doing that.
 What I think is you need to take a beat.
 Please tell me it's time to go.
 What the matter?
 Okay, what was that all about?
 How?
 What does he want?
 It has!
 Oh, come on, Damon!
 Yeah, it's not going to happen.
 You killed me.
 You killed me!
 Well, maybe they finally realized you're just a dick.
 The Gilbert family is a founding family, and they deserve to have a voice on the council. I'm taking care of them, I should be that voice.
 Oh, really? Well, then tell me how it does. The council's job is to protect the people of this town. Now your daughter's a vampire and your son's a werewolf. So who's looking after the actual people? Some of them may be family or friends, but they are still supernatural. They don't follow our rules or our laws, they look after themselves, and that's what we need to do. I'll see you at the next meeting.
 So the pressure of your punch ejects the stakes.
 You're not strong enough. Better start lifting some weights, put some meat on your bones.
 You know what this is?
 Then you know the element of surprise is your only advantage when it comes to a vampire.
 Surprise.
 You think I'm joking? Vampires will take whatever they want. They will hurt whoever they want. And they'll do it without remorse. It's their nature.
 Look, I get why you're here. Stefan hurt you. You don't want it to happen again.
 I think you found a way to get out of bed this morning. And that makes you the strongest person I know. I think that you can do pretty much anything.
 Let her go.
 What the hell is he doing here?
 Now he's a bodyguard?
 Welcome back, seniors. Let's turn our brains back on, starting with this country's original founders...the Native Americans.
 There's no evidence that Viking explorers actually settled in the United States. Who are you?
 I'll shoot him.
 Might have better luck finding the dagger.
 Doubtful.
 What?
 What?
 You okay?
 You look, uh, not sober.
 I see all the geniuses came out to the bonfire tonight.
 Elena! Elena! Open the door!
 Hurry up before it blows!
 Ready to get going, Elena?
 I don't.
 That was the point.
 Tobias Fell is the head of the history department. I didn't have a choice.
 Well, I'm the one who can fail you if you don't help me out.
 So where is she now that we need her?
 So what is it, like some sort of supernatural purgatory?
 Vicki could interact. She blew up my car.
 I'm just saying, maybe we learned our lesson about summoning dead people.
 Can we just drop it, please?
 Don't you think we have a few too many dead vampires in our past to be sitting here thinking of them watching us?
 You don't have to be here, Stefan.
 I'll grab Jeremy.
 You know, I've had enough vampires today, thanks.
 No, you've got trouble. See, we're not a team. You tried to kill me. All right? We're not friends. I don't like you anymore.
 Yeah, and?
 Mason.
 Good luck with that.
 Are you incapable of remorse? Just apologize!
 No.
 On behalf of Mystic Falls High School Historical Society, let's light 'em up!
 Didn't have anyone else to call?
 Well, you have a crappy way of showing that.
 I shouldn't have to get over it. I was your friend, Damon. You shouldn't have done it in the first place.
 You're going to recycle that same crap-ass apology you gave Mason Lockwood?
 I found something.
 I have no idea.
 Careful where you shine that thing. Bats hate the light.
 Just ignore him. That's what I do.
 Well, as far as I can tell, it's a story. In simple, archaeological terms, it's a really, really old story. 
 I don't know. Maybe the Lockwoods did, but according to this wall, these werewolves have been here a lot longer than that.
 Names. They're not native. They're written in Runic, a Viking script.
 This name here, I translated it and it reads Niklaus.
 And Elijah...and Rebekah.
 Carved into a cave that's been here since way before the founding of Mystic Falls. Or even the entire New World, for that matter.
 That could be true, except the last name up here made us think otherwise.
 Mikael.
 These images tell a story....to learn the story, you have to decipher these images.
 These images at the very least might tell us what that weapon is.
 You're sure about that? I mean a thousand-year-old vampire, I'm sure, has learned the art of patience.
 Bonnie! Come on in!
 Yeah, great! Uh, I'm sorry the place is such a mess. I'm obsessed...
 Ahh, that's great. 
 Listen, Jeremy is an idiot. And I know this with certainty, because I was once a Jeremy. Trust me, we learn...eventually...
 So, your grandmother said this necklace belonged to the witch that put the hybrid curse on Klaus, right? Well, this symbol is repeated all across the wall. I've been trying to figure out what it meant. And now I know...
 We, uh, filled in what we could. 
 Okay. so tree equals weapon, sort of. We already knew that. What we are not sure about is this  we've got the witch symbol, and what looks like a bleeding heart. Upside down figures usually signified death, of some kind.
 I'm busy.
 This may come as a shock but I am not here to hang out with you. I'm here to see Jeremy. Who is an hour late for his shift.
 That's his mid-term paper. Copied it straight off the Internet. Didn't even try to hide it.
 Yeah.
 So, you're ready?
 Proof that you're still human.
 Ah, well I thought we would all stay in, have a meal together like a typical, atypical family.
 Oh wait! When did you start hanging out with Tyler Lockwood?
 I'm with her on this, Jer. Sorry.
 Tell me Tyler...What is the difference between being sired and being compelled?
 What if he asked you to jump off a bridge?
 Next time.
 That was illuminating.
 I mean this whole sire bond thing is...wild. I don't even think Tyler is fully aware of what little reason lies behind what he's saying. It's this weird cult logic.
 That's his ring.
 Jeremy!!
 Oh just a few minutes ago. How is Jeremy?
 Something's wrong! The ring!
 Ah, I'm more of a walk it off kinda guy. Do I need to sign something?
 I actually have some place I need to be but...thank you...Dr....
 Well...I appreciate your help Dr. Fell.
 Hm...a little of both.
 I don't know. It's never happened like that before. I guess I have Damon's blood to thank for the fact that I'm still walking.
 That's funny. I'd rather have head trauma. Hey, Jeremy...you okay?
 You can talk to me about this stuff. You know that, right?
 Tell him he's gonna leave Mystic Falls behind and never think twice about it.
 Hey, you're gonna put a hole in that thing! You want to talk about it?
 So, what's got you all worked up?
 Yeah, me neither. Probably something to do with dying...
 Yeah I'm fine, I'm fine. I think the ring, however, is running low on batteries.
 Nice, nice, you're getting stronger.
 Seems Damon's compulsion worked, Jeremy was packing when I left the house, going on about his new school in Denver.
 No. Why?
 I thought Stefan saved your life.
 And now he is willing to risk it just to see how far he can push Klaus?
 So is his humanity on or off?
 Why?
 So, suddenly you care who lives or dies?
 Talk about a humanity dimmer switch.
 
 Something is up with her. Elena. Something more than usual. You know what it is?
 Dr. Fell.
 Well, I guess I have nine lives.
 Sorry? Are you on the Founders' Council?
 Oh, yeah? Did you throw him over?
 Well, you should, he is loaded.
 What do you mean, a British guy?
 Whoa! Hey. Everything all right here?
 It didn't look fine.
 
 Well, you definitely should have throw him over the bridge.
 I get it.
 Anytime.
 I put a kid on a plane.
 
 Do you want anything else? A beer?
 Well, depends on what kind of drunk you are.
 Yeah, sure. So......next time dinner?
 Cool. Take care.
 My doctor.
 Mm-hm.
 No damage.
 Well, I'm looking for red flags. Her ex called her a psycho case the other day.
 Yeah, I guess you're right.
 Ooh, I wonder how my ex's would call me?
 Huh. Well, her ex is the medical examiner so he is dead adjacent.
 Mm-hmm.
 What?
 Well, Meredith didn't say anything about that.
 Who do you think killed him?
 What are you doing here?
 Are you still obsessed of Meredith?
 I mean, don't you have an Original vampire to care about?
 What's your problem?
 What? I mean, when did you even see her?
 Damon, what the hell are you doing?
 I told you I'd handle this!
 Want to tell me what you're up to?
 Yeah, I did.
 Well, he drinks it everyday to build up an immunity, so people like you don't get the jump on him.
 Really? Then what are you?
 Is it Bill Forbes?
 What happened to him?
 Is he gonna make it?
 What is that?
 You told me your secret. This is mine.
 Semi-retired.
 I just want to be honest. No secrets.
 That and...this ring protects me from death at the hands of supernatural beings.
 One can never be too careful.
 Okay, yeah, sure, sure, sure.
 Elena, I'm sorry.
 It's not okay. I mean, it's not even my place. It's your place. It's Jenna's place. It's your family's place.
 Thought we had aspirin.
 Yeah, sorry about that. It was a bit of a weird night.
 Oh I know. And I thank you for that. But I do feel guilty for whiskey dialing her at two in the a.m.
 Oh, yes I did.
 Well, as soon as these aspirin kick in and I remember the conversation, I'll let you know.
 Of course.
 Yeah. Brian Walters. Why?
 That's one of ours. I mean this is one of a set from your parents' lake house.
 You're on speaker phone, dick.
 Brian Walters was killed days ago, alright? I didn't show Meredith this stuff until last night!
 Who doesn't? Got weapons everywhere, here, the school, my loft, your car.
 Hey, where are you?
 Taking inventory. Did you bring it?
 You're right. It's a match. This is from a crawl space in the foyer. Which means Meredith knew where it was.
 This is from the loft. These are from the duffel in Damon's car.
 Damon's car was at the Wickery Bridge fundraiser. So was Meredith. And that was the night her ex-boyfriend, the medical examiner, was killed. The one who called her psycho.
 I don't know what to think either. You know, but...we'd be idiots to ignore all these facts.
 Well...Get this to the police. Then you should probably be with Caroline.
 I don't know.
 You have to kill me.
 Elena, you-you have to kill me.
 I haven't seen Elena since this morning.
 Well, I'm surprise you have time to call, what with all this Original sex you've been having.
 Oh, she told me.
 Hey, listen, I'm not gonna judge her for having a conscience.
 Well, I wouldn't if I could and I can't because I'm busy.
 Don't worry about it.
 Goodbye, Damon.
 Sorry about that.
 He's a little judgmental.
 Well, what about my head? Why can't I remember anything about the attack?
 Wait...you think the killer's a...a vampire?
 Yeah, no, they're still here. Yeah, they've drank their way through half the Grill's liquor supply.
 So, what's the plan?
 I'm pretty sure she told you to get lost.
 Next time, take a hint.
 Here, grab him!
 Listen, Elena's still out there. I need to go find her.
 So this is your place, huh? Kind of a slob.
 I see that.
 That kind of sucks, getting my ass kicked on a date.
 Yeah.
 I didn't do it.
 Dr. Fell is the one who shot me.
 Yeah, with a knife I had found hidden in her things!
 You think I stabbed myself?
 She is setting me up. I'm being framed here!
 You have to agree, Sheriff, there is no motive here.
 So, what are you saying, I was defending her honor? I barely knew her then.
 No she didn't.
 Okay, I, uh, yes I-I remember calling her, but I was drinking and I-I don't remember the conversation.
 I was there the night of the bridge fundraiser, okay? Until midnight. You saw me there!
 Well, then, I-I must have been home, sleeping. I'm sure of it.
 Yeah, yeah, I'm alright.
 Hey, I was gonna make some coffee.
 Hey, listen, Elena, the uh- the Sheriff told me about everything you did today and while I appreciate it, I don't want you getting in trouble because of me. Okay?
 Well, still, I'm the one who's supposed to look after you, even if I suck at it.
 Deal. What are you reading there?
 Any juicy family secrets?
 Well, at least you have something to look forward to.
 Good night.
 Yeah, well, I sure as hell don't. You shoot me, you have me thrown in jail, and then you have me freed?
 Oh, you know what, people are right. You are psycho.
 Yeah, but I was attacked.
 It's impossible! I would know if I were killing people.
 You're insane.
 Elena.
 Yeah. Yeah, everything's okay.
 Yeah, well, everything is normal, because there is nothing wrong with me. I didn't kill Brian Walters, I didn't kill Bill Forbes, and I sure as hell didn't shove a hunting knife into my stomach.
 Or I did and I've gone insane, just like your ancestor who wore that ring.
 Take it. I don't want it any more.
 Yeah, let me...let me check outta here.
 Tell me again, why are we here?
 I- I don't have the sign actually it slipped...it slipped my mind. I've been...busy.
 Get me outta here.
 Who is that?
 Ah, it's the truth, restraining orders and all. My life in a series of police reports.
 Yeah, well I was stupid when I was younger. But, listen, it's not like these guys didn't have it coming. I mean, this guy here, broke a beer bottle over a bartender's head. This guy, hit his girlfriend. This guy, okay, this guy was just a douche.
 Everyone needs to find a way to deal with their dark side. Some people meditate. I became a vampire hunter.
 Listen, there's something that's not in these reports that I need to tell you about.
 Your cousin, Logan Fell, the one who was vampire-slayed. I did the slaying.
 I tried once. He killed me. Yeah, yeah, figures.
 The thing that started all this ring stuff was me being angry enough to think I could take on a vampire in the first place.
 Listen, I want you to have this. This is a list of my bank accounts, passwords, where to find my will, and how to contact my family, just in case this doesn't go my way.
 Elena, I need to know that you and Jeremy are gonna be okay.
 Good news? Bad news?
 Well, it's worth a try.
 Well, there's uh- there's my wedding ring. It's at the loft.
 Oh, you and your tranquilizers. It's in the dresser by the kitchen. It's in a...an aspirin bottle, probably covered in cobwebs.
 Yeah. Yeah, I'm still with you.
 Looking for something?
 No cream.
 Can I ask you a question?
 Do you ever feel remorse?
 Well.
 You are a council member. And the Council was formed to protect the people of this town from vampires and yet, here you all are, just looking the other way, ignoring your responsibilities. Like you and your vampire blood. So I'm asking you, do you ever feel remorse? Because you should.
 Hey there.
 Oh, she got called into the hospital for a last-minute surgery, but she'll be back later.
 Oh, I...I broke a coffee cup and sliced my hand open trying to pick up the pieces. Did Stefan catch up with you?
 Did you get my ring?
 Yeah, well my place is a bit of a disaster. I guess I'll just have to go get it.
 What the hell are you doing here?
 Did something happen?
 Wait, where's Meredith?
 Looks like you guys have got this under control. I'm gonna call the Sheriff.
 I want to turn myself in.
 I have a homicidal alter ego. Unlike some people in this room, I would like to take responsibility for the people I've killed.
 Hey, listen, out of all the people you cannot psychoanalyze me. I killed Caroline's father; I nearly killed Meredith. Everything's changed.
 That ring is the reason I've killed people.
 I mean, did you learn nothing from the moonstone in the soap dish?
 Rebekah happened.
 Yeah, I'll live. What are you doing here?
 I'm me.
 It doesn't.
 Mmm. That's disgusting.
 Caroline.
 I am so sorry. I don't even know what else I could say.
 Yeah, but the blood on my hands is your father's.
 Okay.
 Ah, he's still alive.
 It's right behind these books here.
 Where the hell is it?
 It's not here, Damon.
 No, I didn't forget. It's – I – I put it right here! A stake doesn't just vanish into thin air!
 I didn't tell anybody, Damon! I'm the only....
 I'm the only one who knew about it, Damon.
 That's exactly what I'm telling you.
 Yep. Still me.
 You know, you shouldn't be in here. It defeats the point of the whole being locked in a cellar thing.
 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
 At least one of us still has a sense of humor.
 Ah, no, this is...this is the right place for me to be. At least until you guys can convince my highly uncooperative alter ego to fess up to where I or he hid the white oak stake.
 What's Klaus gonna do if you can't find it?
 Why do you say that like you're waiting for me to disapprove?
 I guess I'm more curious to hear what Stefan has to say about it.
 Do you?
 Do you know how hard it is to fall asleep when that is what you're supposed to do?
 What the hell.
 You know, I'll feel decidedly less pathetic if I don't drink alone.
 So, road trip, huh?
 Why? I mean, why you? You know, it doesn't take much to babysit me while I sit here waiting for a psychotic break.
 Before what?
 So, you're worried that you're gonna have to torture me. You don't think Damon could have done that?
 I assume they've got Jeremy by now?
 Who knows? Maybe his alter ego is a pot smoking, hippie pacifist.
 I can't say, I thought mine would be so hostile and militant.
 You must really hate me. Here I am, the failed hunter slash drinking buddy of vampires.
 The thing is, he's me. I'm not compelled, I'm not possessed, there's no humanity switch. What drives him is me.
 What happened? Did I uh..?
 This is stupid. Evil me or whatever you want to call him, he's not gonna make an appearance. Why would he? I mean, the best hiding place is the one where you can't find the person who hid it.
 So, how do you want to do this?
 Well, that makes two of us. But I don't think we have much choice in the matter.
 No, what I need is hope that my alter ego doesn't have a death wish. So, I'm taking bets that my dark side has a sense of self-preservation. So, let's see if he defends himself against death.
 If we have any chance at this, Stefan, you're gonna have to try.
 You're not putting enough into this.
 Well don't back down now.
 Come on, you're past that.
 Then use it! Give into it! Try and kill me, Stefan. Come on!
 Yes! Like this. You're gonna have to want to kill me for me to believe that you will.
 If you want the answers from my darkest side, you're gonna have to tap into yours. So, don't back down, don't fight it. Just do it. Do it!
 You're so weak.
 Look at you, one of nature's most hideous creatures and you can't even get that right.
 Me.
 You're worse than I ever was. Spineless, pathetic.
 You know you're all gonna burn. Ashes to dust.
 It's in the cave. Where no vampire can get it. Heh heh!
 Now why would I give you the one thing that requires everyone to keep me alive?
 There's only one stake out there. Which means only one Original has to die. Help me and I'll make sure it's not you.
 How the hell did you do that?
 You're not Rebekah.
 Yeah, sorry about that. I just needed to get my head together.
 I don't know. I woke up alone. There's no sign of it.
 Well I think I need to get out of town. Somewhere secluded. I keep blacking out which means I'm still a threat to everyone.
 It's just for a couple of days. I'm stocked up on Bonnie's herbs, so I should be fine. I gotta go.
 Well Damon is too arrogant to think his only friend would betray him.
 Did you give him the stake?
 So where's the real one?
 So how do you...
 Why are we here?
 Now, why would I give you the one thing that protects me from death?
 She's not hurting me.
 You don't know who I am, Elena. You only know the weakest parts of me, the man who lost his way befriending vampires instead of killing them.
 They're all monsters. The blood of their victims is on my hands. Jenna's blood is on my hands.
 Is it finished?
 Oh my god. Where's my ring? Tell me what happened.
 Does he know about the stake?
 Listen Jeremy, I'm not gonna complete the transition. My dark side was dangerous enough as a human. I can't be a vampire.
 Listen, Jeremy, it's the right thing to do, okay? After everything that's happened, after all that I have done. Maybe I had it coming.
 Please, you guys let's not make this any harder than it already is. You two should go. Damon's here. He'll make sure it'll all go down the right way.
 Hey, hey...
 Okay, I won't.
 Don't do that, okay. Taking care of you and Jeremy has been-has been the closest I've ever come to the life I always wanted.
 You should go.
 Is this the part where you give me a dream? Rainbows and rolling green hills?
 Yeah and I told you I'd use it against you.
 So I have to actually die to get a real apology out of you.
 Actually, I've been thinking about cutting back.
 I am!
 Well, who else would it be?
 Listen closely, I'm at the school, I have Caroline, and if you want to keep her alive, I need you to get in your car and come down here right away. If you tell anyone where you are going, I will kill her.
 Right on time.
 
 How many times do I have to tell you, Elena? Stop trusting vampires!
 Sit down! This keeps the vervain in her system. It's like inhaling razorblades with every breath.
 To make it easier on you when you put her out of her misery.
 Isn't this what you wanted, Elena? For me to teach you how to kill a vampire? 
 Of course it is. All those hours you spent training, getting stronger, you could be a hunter, Elena. But you've never actually staked a vampire through the heart.
 Because you need me. Because you're an eighteen-year-old girl without parents or guidance or any sense of right and wrong anymore.
 
 Why, am I wrong? Do you actually think that they'd be proud of you? 
 I thought I taught you better than that.
 Not so fast.
 I should kill you. I should gut you like Brian Walters, Bill Forbes, and all the other cowards I plan on ripping apart. You're the worst offender of them all, Elena. You don't deserve to live.
 Put it down, Elena.
 You're wrong.
 Stop! STOP! STOP! STOP!
 Get up.
 I said, get up. Klaus is gonna kill Elena.
 The witch bound my life to Elena's. If she dies, I die. Klaus figured that out and now he's taken her. Now, I'm trapped here until the sun goes down, so you two better get doing what you do best. Saving Elena's life.
 Join us, Sheriff. I was just telling the council about our vampire problem. Or should I say your problem.
 Well, perhaps you and the Mayor can enlighten the group on the strides you've taken to eliminate the issue. Oh, that's right, you haven't. You see the Sheriff, a woman we elected to keep our families safe and town secure, has a vampire for a daughter.
 And our lovely Mayor, a son who is half-vampire, half-werewolf.
 These women are hypocrites. They claim to spearhead our defense against the supernatural presence, than cover up the violent attacks committed by their children.
 Sit down, Liz. We're just getting started.
 Hello, Meredith.
 I'm Elena's guardian. I thought it was strange I didn't get a phone call.
 I have eyes and ears everywhere now. It's funny, the people of this town are actually good at their jobs when you allow them to be. Speaking of, you are a little too good at your job.
 But that's because you cheat. So, I found your stash of vampire blood.
 The Council will be in touch with the medical board to have your license suspended. Mayor Lockwood and Sheriff Forbes are being relieved of their duties. I'm getting this town back under control. 
 We need to talk.
 I need you to tell me where they're keeping Klaus' body.
 Elena's association with vampires nearly got her killed again tonight, Jeremy. Does that even register with you?
 Well, she can't seem to cut them out of her life, but I can. And with your help, I'll get rid of all of them. Find out where Klaus' body is being hidden, I'll kill him, all his siblings, and when I die, vampires will no longer exist.
 Then lock me up. Have Bonnie put a spell on me like she did Klaus. Let Elena live a long, healthy human life and when her life is over, mine will be too. 
 Yes?
 Good. Tell me.
 Thank you, Jeremy. You're doing the right thing for your sister.
 Where is Klaus?
 Oh, you'd be amazed at how competent law enforcement is when it's not corrupted by vampires. Now, where is Klaus?
 Next.
 You're not gonna fight back?
 Don't call me that.
 We're not friends.
 Well, our friendship was part of the problem. It's what kept me weak. It's also why it took so long for the real me to break through and now I'm gonna break you.
 Not quite.
 What's happening?
 What's happening?!
 Jeremy.
 I don't know. I just wanted to say goodbye and it kind of happened.
 I just wanted you to know that I'll always be here to look after you, Jeremy. That you'll never be alone, okay? I promise.
 I miss you too, buddy.
 Need a hand?
 It's good to see you too, Damon.
 You think I'm Silas? Are you kidding me?
 Now, would Silas know about Locker 42?
 Well, not completely. It's only down inside the Expression triangle. If I step outside of it, it's back to ghost world.
 Well, not every ghost has a reason to come back to Mystic Falls. Just the ones like me, looking after their idiot best friends.
 Stefan? Isn't she your girlfriend?
 But you have no idea how she feels about you, and now you're freaking out.
 I can't think of a more appropriate way to spend my last moment as a semi-living person.
 
 Yeah, well, I thought you were gonna take care of the children.
 I, ah - I found this  
 
 
 You have no idea how much I've missed this. 
 No, hey. Hey!
 Well, at least you'd have a place to live.
 Hey! Now there it is – that smile. I wasn't sure we were gonna see that again.
 So, you get off on terrorizing innocent people?
 The guy responsible for the 18-year-old you just threatened.
 And I'm also the guy who showed her how to do that.
 This is my bar, pal. Nobody's gonna blow it up.
 Oops.
 You mean this?
 I would love nothing more than to get out of here before Vaughn comes back to life, but Damon won't take the cure. He wants it for Elena.
 Stefan, we are past the point of Hail Mary phone calls. What do you want me to do, stand here and watch him die, or force-feed him the cure? 
 Yeah, I taught her that swing.
 Oh, he went to see Bonnie. He'll be back later. You know, before...well, you know.
 Usually does.
 I've lived...better.
 And how are we supposed to do that when the knuckleheads we care about can't seem to keep their lives straight?
 Moon's full.
 Where's Elena?
 You got the girl, man.
 Now don't screw it up.
 Will somebody tell all of these idiots to lay off the booze?
 Did you honestly think I'd leave Damon in charge and never look back?
 Cheers.
 Did you seriously wear your seatbelt?
 Come on. You gotta go.
 No, you need to go home to your brother. I'll find Damon.
 Go on. Elena, get out of here. Go.
 Friendly advice  When you finally get the girl, don't blow her up.
 Yeah.
 I think she's going to be okay.
 Want some?
 What? That some ancient witch turned me into a vampire, or that four months ago, I rose from the dead?
 Therefore, the study of the occult...
 Uh.. Therefore, the study of the occult is the study of the hidden knowledge. Today, we're going to discuss it and how it relates to resurrection.
 Is there something funny, Liv?
 Ah. Mr. Lockwood.. How generous of the squad to lend you to us.
 Typically not all occult groups held a consensus on the topic.
 ...Apostles, Athanasian Creeds Tertullian...
 ...and the western church were inclined to believe in resurrection of the flesh, whereas the Gnostics held the firm belief that resurrection existed only in a spiritual sense. I'm teaching a class full of kids who all look like blood sausages to me. Now, put that away.
 Uh, whereas others like the early church Fathers...
 Hey, just checking in... ...to see if your contact panned out yet.
 Good. Keep me posted. Let me know how it goes.
 You already read all that?
 Got it. All right, well. I brought "Ancient Witchcraft, volume two".
 How about "The Art of Hexing" and "Elements of Magic"?
 He's ok.
 I don't know. Couple times a week.
 I'm gonna go out on a limb here, Caroline. Is something bothering you?
 Or maybe he just doesn't want to bother you with every half-lead that goes nowhere.
 Yeah, Tyler, not to play chaperone here, but are you sure somebody with your anger issues should be drinking at all this close to a full moon?
 Till you get plastered and do something stupid and trigger your werewolf curse all over again.
 Good. But just in case.
 You know, I haven't been buzzed since I came back to life. And saying that aloud while sober really freaks me out. Ahem. As the only sober person here, trust me when I tell you this, Tyler... The girl is not so into you. Thanks for the beer. (he leaves)
 And you're a vegetarian.
 Alaric. I teach Occult Studies here.
 Yeah.
 Uh, you know, actually, I'm a germaphobe.
 Ha ha! Yeah. Exactly. Um... Will you excuse me a second? I actually have to make a— A quick phone call.
 Ok, so, when I lost my human nature, I also lost my game. Where are you?
 Hey! Knock if off. Knock it off.
 You got it under control, huh? Huh?
 You want to tell me what that was about? Come on. Let's get out of here.
 Why don't you get some sleep? We'll talk about it tomorrow when that crap's out of your system.
 You mean with me coming back to life? Well, moving away from Mystic Falls helped. And since my ex-girlfriend is happily married to a pediatrician up in Alaska, I didn't have any awkward reunions to handle.
 Honestly, Elena... I hate everything about being a vampire.
 Trust me. It gets easier.
 What?
 I thought he was. I've been feeding him leads for months. He let me believe he was following them.
 I wouldn't exactly say no one.
 I raided the psychology department's research library, and a nutshell would be using a combination of hypnotherapy and memory reprocessing techniques.
 The more we talk, the more you'll relax and open your mind to me.
 We're going to be searching through memories that are deeply embedded, and each significant memory that we hit which is connected to Damon I will help you modify. And this should eventually lead us to the signature memory which once erased will create a positive domino effect through all your other memories.
 I am supernaturally rewiring three years of your memories. If it were that easy, I wouldn't be so terrifying.
 I have some questions. Answer them honestly.
 Do you have doubts about this?
 Are you afraid?
 Why sad?
 Do you trust me, to be digging around in your mind?
 Okay. Well then let's let's get started...Who is Damon Salvatore?
 And when did you first meet him?
 And what was he like?
 And how did he make you feel?
 You had a nice moment in the road with a stranger. But that's all he was, a stranger.
 Are you okay?
 Tell me about this moment.
 He kissed you, you thought it was inappropriate. You told him so.
 Who is Damon Salvatore?
 You know, why don't we why don't we take a little break, okay? To be honest, I could use a drink.
 Who is Damon Salvatore?
 Until we find that signature moment. The moment you knew you loved him.
 That's not it. You gotta dig deeper, earlier.
 That's not it, next.
 Well think about it, Elena! Think about that moment where you knew this person was somebody you had feelings for. That you loved, that you could see those feelings going on forever. Trust me, you never forget.
 I'm sorry, I-I've just really hit a wall with Elena. I just need some insight.
 I'm trying to get her to figure out when she first fell in love with Damon but she can't seem to get there.
 It didn't work because you weren't being honest.
 You weren't being honest with yourself.
 Look, I want to hear all the Damon stuff while you were still with Stefan.
 Of course you were 
 I know 
 I know you di 
 I know you did, Elena, you don't want to admit it because you feel like you're betraying Stefan but this won't work until you do.
 Elena, you've been lucky enough to love two people this deeply, in your young life. There's nothing wrong with that. It's okay.
 It's okay, Elena you can tell me, tell me the moment you knew you loved him.
 I need you to be sure. Are you sure?
 Damon never came into the room, he never gave you the necklace. The party was miserable, but you spent the night at your house watching movies and eating popcorn with Jeremy.
 Elena, who is Damon Salvatore?
 Atta boy. Get her all out.
 Yeah, little punk showed up on my doorstep last night at four in the morning. Drunk. I thought you two were looking for Sarah together 
 Listen, what about your vampire-hating neighborhood watch guy? If Sarah goes to him for help, that's a problem.
 Be safe. (He hangs up.)
 Hey, hi. (He stands up.)
 This is Jeremy... Jeremy Gilbert. He's a little...
 Yeah...
 I was hoping you could give him one of those, uh... rapid-rehydration hangover-cure-type things?
 Yeah. Why don't you throw in an STD screening while you're at it, huh?
 Yeah!
 It's just another day in the life of an Occult Studies professor.
 Yeah, you know, he's had a rough couple months.
 No, I actually came here for some advice from a professional.
 Okay.
 Oh, yeah. Yeah, I used to get kicked out library all the time, you know. Because it was closing. (laughs)
 Heh, yeah...
 You've killed an Original before. Now, get your head in the game, and maybe you'll keep it out of the bottle.
 I'm trying to help you pull yourself together, Jeremy. Now, what is your problem?
 Keep going. So what? So that I can come back to life, right?
 You wanna talk about resentment, huh? Is that it? My wife ran away because she would rather be a vampire than be married to me. Come to find out it was Damon who turned her. And then she died. And then Jenna, she died. And then I died. And then the guy who killed my wife died. And I actually kinda miss him. And now I can't even talk to a girl without fantasizing about tearing into her neck? I mean, Jeremy, I have resentment for years. YEARS! I get it. Okay? But I find a way to keep going, because that's what we do  we find a way to keep going! Okay. Ready?
 Look Elena, as much is I'd like to think that I am full of wisdom, I think it's time we stop pretending that I actually know what's best, okay? Look, I've got my own issues to sort out right now, and I think that this will explain it much better than I can.
 So, what do you want me to do?
 Homecoming, All right. By a show of hands, who knows the supernatural origin of tonight's homecoming party?
 A civil war soldier Nathan Whitmore, horribly disfigured throughout countless battles, somehow survived them all just so he could get home to the woman he loved, and when he finally got home to his farm, he found her in bed with his brother, and did what any sane man would do... He murdered his brother in cold blood and then chased the love of his life out into the cornfields.
 But the legend goes that Lady Whitmore is out on this night every year dressed in white, covered in her lover's blood, running through the cornfields, screaming for her life. All right, kids. You have a fun night tonight. Be safe.
 Damon may be gone, but I can still find pleasure in judging his life choices. Speaking of which, have you changed your mind about me compelling you to forget about him yet?
 Had to ask.
 You know, I'm waiting on the mixer for thirtysomething vampires just back from the dead. Less of a crowd.
 I am perfectly content staying at home, letting my hair grow out.
 I am happy... ish.
 You know this barely makes a dent. (He's staring at the bourbon.)
 Can't fault me for trying, though. You want some?
 Let me guess, you played the 'Damon is dead, and it's all your fault' card.
 What do you want, Stefan?
 You mean your girlfriend, from Savannah. The one you falsely led me to believe was a witch who knew how to help Damon and Bonnie?
 Are you asking me to help you with a break up?
 You mean give you a fresh start.
 Sorry, Stefan. It's not that easy.
 Well you forgot about him first, pal.
 Yeah, and he was my best friend! Why don't you get out of my face, before I compel you to be the guy I used to know instead?
 I imagine you see a lot worse in E.R.
 Good to know. You haven't seen Elena around here, have you? She... basically blackmailed me into coming tonight.
 We're being set up. Ok.
 I'll make an exception.
 Speak of the devil.
 I'm fine.
 I don't think it's my blood.
 I really think I should get you out of here.
 Yeah. Something like that.
 Ok.
 Ambulance is on the way.
 Yeah, I'm fine. Wow.
 Ok.
 This isn't your first rodeo?
 How you feeling?
 I'll take my chances.
 Yeah, I, um. I think you're amazing, brilliant, and one of the sexiest women I have ever met, and I would love to believe that you and I were meant to be because I would love to believe there was a plan for me other than this life that I am living right now.
 But tonight was a disaster. You thought I was boring and a borderline alcoholic, and because you don't know me, not the real me anyway, you don't want to kiss me, and you absolutely want me to run for the hills.
 I get it, but that's how you feel now, Elena. If you thought there was even a chance you'd see Damon again, you would have never asked me to compel away your memories of loving him.
 DAMON IS GOING TO KILL ME!
 Doesn't mean he wont try!
 You only feel that way because I erased all the good parts.
 I wont, okay? Not until you ask me to.
 But, Elena? I hope you ask me.
 Since when?
 I compelled her to forget our date the other night, and it didn't take.
 Well, either she's on vervain, or there's some other reason, but she can't be compelled. So, see if you can find out why.
 Well, do you know where Tripp is now? (Caroline sits down next to Matt)
 Well, can you find out? We need to know who his next target is.
 You have any idea how he managed to get his hands on him?
 I can't believe you're back.
 So, how the hell are you?
 Look, Damon 
 She loved you too much, and it was killing her.
 Fine... as soon as Elena tells me that's what she wants.
 I know, and I'm sorry 
 I get it, Damon. But, she's happy, and I'm not gonna take that away from her until she asks me to.
 Elena, calm down. Just find Caroline and get to Old Miller Road. We'll get him back (He hangs up and leaves his classroom, locking the doors behind him. When he turns to leave, he finds Jo standing in front of him him, scowling at him with her arms folded)
 Yeah, and I want to hear all about it, just not right now.
 Yeah, I have someplace I need to be, so if you don't mind...
 Okay, how's this? My best friend, he just came back from the dead, but now I have to save him from a vampire hunter before he is driven across an anti-magic border and killed again. So, here's some friendly advice  it's probably a good idea to stay as far away from me as possible.
 You don't have to take apart the whole engine. We just need to lure Tripp in so we can grab him. You know, it's not your fault.
 Look, you're not the only one who gave up. You know, every second for the last four months, all I could think about was when I'm gonna get my next sip of blood... when am I gonna screw up and hurt somebody... why did I come back to life just to be this thing. That I used to hunt vampires, and suddenly I was one. Searching for Damon was the only thing that could take my mind off of it, but I was basically going through the motions as a distraction because... honestly, Stefan? I'd given up, too. There (Stefan turns to follow Alaric's eye-line)
 You should stay in the car. He knows what you look like.
 Yeah, unless Enzo told him different. Go tell Elena he's here
 Evening. I'm trying to get my buddy to a bachelor party, and our car just stopped. You think you can, uh, help us out?
 Yeah... Oh well, maybe you could give us a ride then?
 Yeah. So are we.
 Ugh! Ugh! Uh!
 You have to get me across the border it's stripping away the magic. I'll die.
 I know. That's what killed me.
 What's happening?
 So-so-something's wrong.
 No, something's wrong. I'm not supposed to be alive.
 Oh, it hurts a lot.
 Well, I think they got me on a morphine drip. It's the next best thing. Elena, I'm so sorry.
 And what is it that you want?
 I hope that you can. Good luck okay
 They usually don't.
 Thank you
 Hey, you did more than that. You gave me back my life. Thank you.
 Hey. I really don't think you should be playing with all that stuff.
 More than a couple.
 And you killed Stefan's best friend at his birthday party.
 And then you snapped Jeremy's neck when Elena said she'd never love you.
 God, if I could take it all back, I would.
 Thanks, man.
 Hey. Really heartfelt. Appreciate it.
 If you kill me, I am dead for good this time. You remember that.
 Hey. I don't know if this is a good time.
 Mm-hmm.
 Uh, yeah, I think so.
 So what are you, the guest of honor or something?
 So basically, you're a genius.
 He sort of invited himself, mostly to stalk Elena.
 Yeah. That's my fault. I shouldn't have compelled her.
 I am not on painkillers. In fact, I feel awful, but I am enjoying every miserable human moment of pain.
 Cheers.
 Ahh. So I guess we are both formerly supernatural beings. Should we start a support group?
 I didn't know you could do that.
 Ok. Ohh. I might have to rethink this whole painkiller thing.
 Ok.
 Ouch.
 Car accident?
 No, no. Let's just say, uh, we both have complicated, tragic, and dysfunctional histories. Guess we're a match.
 Well, if it's any consolation, our Thanksgiving was roadside chili.
 He didn't want to get your hopes up. He honestly thought Bonnie died trying to free him. If she sent her Teddy bear over, it could mean she's still...
 Yeah. So we're in Portland right now, trying to track down some Gemini thing.
 Stefan sends his love.
 Is that the reason Caroline assigned me the turkey and the Cranberries. Stefan wasn't invited.
 Two, she puts up with you.
 Eh, she did sleep with you.
 You know what? Check the GPS again. Just because we don't see anything doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
 See, Stefan? Even the bear knew.
 Jo told me she got rid of her magic by putting it away for safekeeping. Maybe Bonnie put her magic away in this.
 Can't say I miss that.
 Jo lived here. There's a drawer inside full of stuff, newspaper articles about Jo's medical clamp, pictures of her as a kid, pictures of her as a teenager.
 I don't know.
 I think I met your dad.
 Believe it or not, I'm actually in Portland.
 You got to be kidding me, right?
 Jo?
 Jo, Jo, answer the phone.
 Elena, what the hell's going on?
 But we can't even see the damn house.
 Maybe it's Jo's version of Ms. Cuddles.
 Nice shot.
 Jo said she kept it with her to ensure that Kai would never be released.
 Guys, hey. We can't do this, OK? We need to find another way, and one that doesn't end up with my girlfriend dead.
 Guys, I will do what I can to help, but we're not letting her brother out, all right? The Ascendant is off the table.
 I understand.
 Hey. Come on in.
 Oh, wow. Your enthusiasm is amazing.
 Ok.
 You know, I knew I should have led with the food.
 Oh. Very funny.
 I swear your dad loves me. Ha ha ha! I have never been given so clear a blessing.
 Because he didn't try to kill me. He just banished me from your creepy childhood home.
 Oh. So you just  you just ran.
 So where does the Ascendant fall under this deal?
 I still don't understand why you'd want it.
 Used to?
 Oh, ok. Well, that explains why you're always hungry.
 Ok.
 Well... The last of it.
 Here it is.
 That's a cryptic question, accusatory tone. This doesn't bode well for me.
 What are you talking about?
 I have no idea.
 Jo, I don't have it.
 No. No. Look. We all agreed to find another way to get Bonnie back. Do you honestly think this is my normal afternoon reading?
 Ok. Look. I swear to you I didn't tell anyone, ok? I would never tell anybody.
 What are you saying?
 Are you saying Damon compelled me? Heh. Look. He wouldn't do that. He's my friend.
 So Jo drove me across the border. I told her she was crazy, that you'd never compel me.
 Getting Bonnie back was never off the table. What was off the table was compelling me to steal from my girlfriend when we had promised her we'd keep her brother locked way.
 Where is he Kai?
 What happened?
 Have your previous boyfriends understood this language you speak?
 Have you seen Jo?
 It was Kai. Jo knew he'd come after her, and he did.
 And what would you have had me do, Damon, ask you to compel Jo to stay put?
 I mean, this just doesn't make sense.
 Listen. Jo needs her magic for the merge to work, ok, and she got rid of that back in 1994.
 Yeah, unless Kai does a locator spell.
 Why?
 If the only way to restore Jo's magic is to reunite her with that knife, Kai's gonna come for it.
 Look. You blew up your car, you needed a ride. Doesn't mean we have to talk.
 Is that it?
 Great. Let's finish this.
 What are you talking about?
 I guess we'll just lock up your brother until you two, you know...
 Yeah. There really is no sugarcoating that, is there?
 Here. Let me, uh...
 What the hell are you doing?
 We are keeping him alive, Damon.
 You know, I don't know how I went so long without saying this, but you're a real dick.
 Yeah, and killing him will make you feel better, so let's just stop pretending for a second that this is about anyone else but you.
 Is he chanting?
 How are you not dead?
 Do you actually think I'd watch this sober?
 Damon feels guilty.
 What do you mean, she's gone?
 You can barely light a candle.
 But?
 Okay, look. There's gotta be some other option.
 Nobody's letting anyone die.
 Elena, are you okay?
 I am. If it buys us enough time to get you back into fighting shape.
 You know, I think she's gonna get a handle on this.
 Well, she wouldn't lie about it.
 Look, we got Kai on ice. We'll just wait for his stolen magic to drain away and then she'll beat him.
 Well, she has to. She will.
 This place is closed for another hour. I'm making an exception. Cheers.
 I swear, Jeremy, if I get a call from the drunk tank in Santa Fe...
 That cleared up, right?
 She's right. Time to get the hell out of here.
 Actually, why don't you let me take him? You should go be with Liz.
 Oh! Oh, yeah. Airport looks packed.
 Yeah. Long-ass security line, too.
 Oh... I don't want you to miss your flight. I know you have orientation tomorrow. Look. This probably goes without saying, but you keep this shut till you get off the bus. Just stuff that above your seat. This is where you're headed. The bus will take you to a town about 30 miles north of Santa Fe. Now, I can't confirm if these are actual animal attacks or something else, but it's worth looking into...
 And, man, you're probably gonna have to generate some art to actually sell the story because if Elena finds out this is one big lie, she's not gonna just kill you, but she's gonna kill me, too.
 And happy. You know, a responsible guardian would try and stop you...
 But, believe it or not, you're actually an adult now, and you found your purpose. So might as well pursue it. Granted, being a vampire hunter doesn't lend itself to a healthy social life.
 Just don't do anything stupid, ok? I'll send you leads. You can follow up on them.
 Just shut up. Let me hug you. I'm proud of you, Jeremy.
 You'll be the first person I call. 
 Uh, you sure you don't want me to hold your hair back or something?
 I have guilt. The vegan dish I made fun of did you in.
 You know, maybe would just skip the funeral.
 I think she'll pass.
 Here.
 I'm not leaving her alone with you, so deal with it.
 Hey, hey! (pulls Kai off of Jo)
 Listen. I could just as easily break seven little bones with one good squeeze, okay?
 Did you say prison worlds, as in more than one?
 Of course you have a choice. It's your magic to give or not give.
 Look, my life is full of martyrs who cave to the bad guy, trying to be heroes, and it never ends well. Somebody inevitably gets hurt or dead, and that somebody could just as easily be you, or Bonnie regardless, no matter what you do. So, if you wanna fight and keep your magic, I will fight with you. And if not, well... I loved you when you weren't a witch, and I'm pretty sure I will still love you regardless.
 Yeah, at least 92%.
 What exactly is this other prison world?
 What'd he say?
 What was it?
 Marry me.
 I bought this the day after your brother died. Caroline's mother was sick and you were in danger. And I just thought life's too short. And I've been trying to plan for the right moment, which was supposed to be this morning with breakfast in bed, you know, until you started puking up last night's dinner.
 We can talk about choices and all that. We can. But I would really love to have this baby with you. That's, uh, something I never thought I'd have. So this isn't a pity proposal, Jo. I love you. Marry me.
 At least 92%.
 Okay, look. It's the first day of spring break. The campus is like a ghost town. Besides, we need to keep her out of harm's way until Elena's blood is out of her system. Unless, of course, you want to invite another Salvatore vampire to our wedding.
 Heh, yeah. Yeah, me too. Look, she's been compelled to forget last night. And soon, she'll be back at Duke, safe, with no idea what happened and no one the wiser.
 Whoa. Wait. We're thinking baby names?
 No. I have! No. I have. I totally have.
 Josette Jr.
 Okay. So I've got a few. You ready?
 Uh, I didn't name me!
 Good. Well, then I veto Duke.
 Uh, let me call you right back. What are you doing here?
 You do realize I'm a human, right? Up against two vampires without remorse?
 You know, I'd actually like my child to grow up with a father.
 I have weapons in my apartment.
 Damon really spent five years in a cell with you without killing himself?
 You know, what are you even doing here? I thought you hated Stefan.
 So, you want Stefan's humanity back just to remind him how much you two hate each other?
 You know, last night, an innocent girl had an involuntary splenectomy because you brought her into your life. Now, if this is your idea of fun? You need to take a long look in the mirror, pal.
 Nah, just your deep, obvious loneliness.
 Uhhh, Enzo?
 What?
 As opposed to any other day?
 Fine.
 I have no idea what you're talking about.
 Oh.
 Is this where I pretend to care about how our wedding cake tastes?
 Mmm... Tequila... My Favorite. Gin. Again. How many is that?
 Elena! Hey.
 Yeah. Real close.
 Yeah.
 Ahem. Uh, supplies are right here. Uh, cards are right there just in case you get bored.
 Yeah. Great. So, we'll see you in a few hours.
 Yeah?
 Oh, thanks.
 I think they're awake, so...Have fun with that.
 How is she? What are you doing?
 What about Caroline
 Stefan, every emotion she's been pushing away just came racing back at a 100 miles an hour.
 
 So, I'll take that as a no?
 
 What the hell's going on?
 
 
 Okay, so you screwed up, and now you're freaking out.
 Damon, if you take that cure, you can never be a vampire ever again, right? 
 
 And what did Stefan say?
 
 You know, it's bad form to drink a thousand-dollar bottle of bourbon all by yourself.
 Yeah, guess that's the plan.
 Sure.
 
 Hey! 
 How... how's Bonnie?
 
 Twins. Okay. Look, the more the merrier.
 
 Because after the wedding, we're gonna disappear. We're gonna go somewhere where your family can't find us.
 You, the baby  babies? You are my life, and all I care about is keeping you safe.
 And the vows.
 Yeah, you remember how great it was when you two were fighting?
 And what's your excuse?
 What? What is it?
 Karma. Sweet, sweet karma.
 Okay, fine, but I want to see her.
 Elena!
 Okay, fine, but what happened?
 As in she doesn't want to get married to me panic attack? Great.
 Wait, so are you having second thoughts?
 Tell you what?
 Alive?
 That's because your life has purpose again. It's finite, and it's... pretty much the greatest feeling in the whole world.
 Don't worry, I'm not. I just need help with my vows. What rhymes with battlefield clamp?
 Hahaha. So, how are yours coming?
 You know this place is crawling with Gemini. Who knew there were so many of you?
 No, actually. But, it's big of you to invite your attempted-murderer to your wedding.
 I hate that I can't see you right now.
 Bye
 And so?
 I'm proud of you.
 Ahem.
 Neither one of us should be here right now. We've spend our life dodging fate and beating the odds.
 But, because we did, I got to meet you, the most beautiful, hilarious and intimidatingly brilliant woman I have ever known. You inspire me, you've shown me that happiness is actually something that I can have in my life. And so... I promise to be with you, and love you, and to dodge fate with you  (He puts the ring on Jo's finger)  for the rest of our lives.
 Jo? Jo? Jo? Oh my god. Jo? Jo? Jo?
 Jo? Oh god, no!
 No! No, no, no, no.
 Oh god. Someone, please help.
 Ohh, ohh.
 Yeah, no. I can't do this.
 Why not? I have nothing left to fight for.
 Jeremy?
 I'm glad you weren't
 I can't... feel my cheeks. What are we drinking?
 That's, uh, actually Dutch.
 Are you sure you don't want to go with her?
 I don't need a babysitter, Damon.
 
 Okay.
 
 Hello?
 Hello?
 Okay. Great. Well, the party's over.
 Yeah, exactly! Now, go use one.
 Alright. Well, I'm gonna have to call you back from a less populated place, and then I'm gonna blissfully pass out and pretend that this never happened.
 Whoa. Okay.
 Have you ever seen this stone before?
 That's not important.
 Can you commune with my wife and tell her that I have it?
 This is her wedding ring.
 Do you get off on this? Preying on the hope and misery of people?
 
 
 A policy you were willing to break last month.
 Now, I say we keep breaking it.
 Well, I'm not planning on burying her. I'm planning on bringing her back to life.
 It's a morgue. It's called gallows humor. Now, can I see her, please?
 I want to talk about death. More specifically, I want to talk about what happens after.
 Now, I'm not going to pretend like my good looks are the reason this class is so full.
 I've heard the same stories you have about Mystic Falls. Ghost sightings, poltergeists...
 Now, let's talk about it. What's behind all of these stories? Now, almost every culture has the lore of a creature or being that cheats death. Why do our brains insist on inventing the most unbelievable things?
 It's because the reality of death is actually the most unbelievable thing of all. Now, the most terrifying thing that you're going to encounter in Mystic Falls is a trespassing ticket, okay? So, everyone just stay out.
 
 
 Don't worry, I'm over it.
 
 Hey, Bonnie? Have you ever heard of the Phoenix Stone?
 An old contact of mine at Duke told me about it. It's supposed to have... resuscitative powers.
 And that's why I didn't tell you, because I was avoiding that look.
 Well, you remember that night in New York?
 Right. Well, I snuck into the maritime museum because it was on display there.
 
 
 
 Bonnie, what happened?
 
 
 I've, uh, seen your empties, your dinner...
 Your razor.
 You know, some clothes would be nice.
 
 
 
 
 The stone's gone. I, you know, watched in dissolve in hydrofluoric acid.
 
 
 Does agreeing to go mean you putting on pants?
 Okay, so... what's the plan?
 
 
 So, why did Lily send you here?
 Ohhh...
 He took the stone.
 Oh, of course they matter! But bringing Jo back matters more.
 I was dead. Gone. And so were you, Bonnie. We came back. We got our second chance.
 
 I don't know.
 But, I've read that book already, cover-to-cover, and it's a waste of time.
 In fact, all of these are a waste of time. They talk about resurrection, the phoenix rising from the ashes, but nothing about a stone that brings people back from the dead.
 
 The hospital can only preserve the body for a set amount of time. I've been paying off the tech to fake the logs.
 Jo's still in there. She has to be.
 
 Oh, damn it!
 
 Yes, it is! Do you want to brush your teeth?
 Yeah? Well, too bad!
 Surgery will have to resume tomorrow.
 All right. Josie, help your sister find her PJs, okay?
 
 Damon.
 Stand behind daddy.
 
 
 You have no idea how weird it's gonna get.
 Is this enough to buy some privacy?
 
 Well, if it makes any difference, this is worth some serious extra credit.
 Hey! You're not the only one banking on this.
 
 Either our friend still has the munchies, or this ravenous hunger is a side-effect of resurrection.
 
 
 Please tell me that's food.
 Hey, do you want a job as my new TA? All you have to do is write, "Interesting point," in a few margins and then give everyone a B+.
 Look. She's here. She's okay. What does it matter now?
 Oh, hey. Hey, sweetheart, how you feeling?
 Heh. No. Actually, that's a TV.
 Let's not worry about the details right now. It's gonna take a little time for your memories to come back.
 No. It's, uh... It's delivery.
 Made somewhere else and then someone drives it over. It's Thai food, your favorite.
 Well, except for that. That's meat. You don't eat meat.
 
 Hey, look. Let's open this bottle of wine, huh? It's got to be 5 00 in the afternoon somewhere, right?
 Ooh! Ah! Ah!
 Medicine cabinet above the sink.
 You want to get some fresh air? I thought maybe a walk through campus will stir something...
 ...What are you doing?
 
 
 
 Because it is crazy, Jo! It is the craziest thing either of us have ever been through, and that is saying something.
 No. No, not in the heart. He came at you from behind, and I... I didn't see him until it was too late.
 Jo, calm down.
 Everything's gonna be...
 Hey.
 No. She freaked out a little. I... you know, I could really use your help looking for her, actually.
 
   Bonnie, that is my wife. I know who I'm looking at, okay? She just... she needs a little time to adjust.
 I got to go.
 Hey, I... I just want to talk.
 You're not my wife.
 I don't know, but you're not alone. I'll help you, and we'll figure this out together, okay?
 
 
 I see word travels fast. She texted earlier today. Why?
 12 18  "Do we need bread?"
 
 Move.
 
 Hey...
 
 
 Well, just keep an eye on her, then.
 I see you've mastered the internet.
 Nothing.
 Oh right! You remember Laura, who you mentioned to me, right?
 Yeah. Uh, fantastic.
 Oh, hey, do you mind getting me some napkins?
 Her nose just started to bleed, and...
 ...And then that started.
 What the hell's wrong with her?
 It's probably best not to find out.
 Did you just remember this?
 Well, it's nice to meet you, Florence. I am so sorry that I put you through this.
 
 I don't care. You choose.
 
 It's my wedding video... post-explosion. I've never been able to watch it past the wedding vows...
 
 Why the hell not?
 
 Twenty-three minutes.
 
 Yeah. Listen. I saw the "X" carved in Stefan's chest. Pretty sure she's not playing Tic-Tac-Toe.
 Look. This is a trap.
 Yeah. Well, look  I didn't get a babysitter on thirty seconds notice just to sit in the car.
 
 
 Well, simple enough. Two lines you're pregnant, one line you're not.
 
 No. But until a few weeks ago, I'd never heard of a stone that was full of tormented vampire souls, either.
 
 I don't think they had a choice. The Gemini were all dying. They couldn't let the future of their coven perish along with them, so they had to put the babies someplace safe, inside a body that... that wouldn't die.
 Negative. I don't understand. I mean, Valerie was so certain.
 
 
 My office is your office.
 Nope.
 Yeah. Yeah, that looks like the Phoenix stone to me.
 Uh, I'm not really sure how to answer that.
 No, I'm sorry... that I've been so desperate to believe this was actually possible. I, uh... I, um... I'm really sorry that I put you through all this.
 ...I'm not sure you're qualified to use that...
 Wait, wait  how is this all possible?
 Words that should probably not be spoken at that volume.
 You ready to go to this class?
 
 What look?
 Actually, I believe that particular quote is found in Chapter 3.
 What? You think I'm not gonna read every book that you're reading?
 What? Is everything okay?
 Uh-oh.
 Caroline...
 Caroline, Caroline, Caroline, Caroline! Your eyes! Your eyes!
 They were jerks. They deserved it.
 Yeah, you and me both.
 
 
 Look, Caroline, you're doing a great job.
 But you are! I mean, do you realize how happy you've made me? I mean, this is a miracle. You've turned my life around 
 Caroline!
 YES!
 That's terrifying.
 You're never babysitting. Neither of you. Ever.
 
 Though, I could dismantle a bomb blindfolded if I needed to...
 So I shouldn't store my explosives in the nursery? I think I read that in one of the twentyparenting magazines you left in my office...
 No, no! Actually, you are an incredibly generous friend, who I will forever be indebted to.
 I get it, Caroline. I... I don't expect that to be your problem.
 Oh, she did? Really?
 Haha! Oh, damn! My daughter's a ninja!
 
 Ugh, phew!
 It's midnight, Caroline. I mean, we've got plenty of time to take care of all this stuff.
 Hey, what's going on with you? You okay?
 ...When I officially got the job.
 There's nothing wrong with the job. It's the place.
 Caroline, I am not raising my kids anywhere near Mystic Falls or Whitmore College or...
 
 Caroline, I was under the impression, you know, that once the babies were born... That you weren't gonna be involved.
 I'm on my way to the airport now. I should be there in a few hours.
 Okay, yeah, I-I-I-I-I get it. Just do what you have to do. But promise me you've got the best doctors in Virginia.
 Wait, what do you mean, she's surrounded by Heretics? You said you were taking care of her!
 Listen. I know that this is totally crazy and not what anyone expected or asked for, okay? But what Caroline is doing for me... I am getting to have the family that I thought I lost forever. Please. Now, you make sure that nothing happens to them. Please.
 What the hell is going on here?
 How we doing?
 
 You want to hold 'em?
 Yeah, Valerie said it shouldn't be a problem. Something about the umbilical cord... I don't know. I was a little distracted.
 This is Josie, in honor of their mother.
 And this one... 
 Okay. Call me when you get there.
 
 Actually, there's something I need to talk to you about...
 I'm moving to Dallas. I'm leaving today.
 
 
 I know. And stopping every ninety minutes. I get it. Which is why I've hired a nurse to come with me.
 ...Jarica.
 Do you have a better idea?
 Uhh, but you just... got through major surgery. You just had a C-section.
 No. Yes, uh, we should stop.
 Shhh! I just got them to stop crying.
 No, no, no, no, no... Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh... Okay, look, I-I'm gonna take Elizabeth for a little walk. Do you mind watching Josie?
 I did. Um, I set up an interview with the one that you rated at, uh, 89.75%.
 No, I-I don't think that will be necessary. I mean, really, between scoring this house and actually having the babies, you've gone above and beyond.
 
 Whew! Diapers also a go. Like, go away with them. Ugh!
 Sorry.
 Backup! I need backup right now! And more diapers.
 Damon.
 What the hell do you want?
 Oh, turn, turn, turn!
 What the hell do you want?
 
 
 What the hell happened to you, man?
 No! No, listen  Caroline is in hiding with the girls, waiting for me.
 
 
 Okay. What do we need to do?
 
 
 Listen, are you with your brother right now?
 
 Uh, you know, it's not easy to pick him out from hundreds of Twitter reports about the zombie apocalypse, okay? We're working on it.
 Oh, trust me, it's not gonna be the rest of your life. Jo's body started to break down just as soon as that vampire soul inhabited her body.
 
 
 Here. Will this do?
 Okay.
 Wait, an anchor?
 Miles of national forest, dozens of pissed-off state troopers, and a rapidly approaching blizzard. How soon can you get there?
 
 Memphis? We're two states away from Memphis.
 
 
 
 What's that supposed to mean?
 Oh wow. How insecure do you think I am?
 
 Yeah, I proposed to Caroline, because I fell in love with her. And she said yes because it made sense for the kids. So yeah, Stefan coming back might ruin my perfect little life. So what?
 Why, how selfless of you.
 Are you still tracking Stefan's body?
 Wait, a-a vampire just bee-lined to Memphis and went straight to a university?
 Okay, we gotta go.
 
 
 
 
 
 They never caught the killer.
 
 
 
 You sure this is how you want to play it, Damon? You know, maybe you bought Marty an hour or so, but when the same thing happened to Jo... I don't know, maybe you want to consider spending your remaining time just... being with your brother.
 
 
 
 
 
 Oh, you know, Damon, I'm really not interested in being part of your 12-step redemption tour.
 
 Huh?
 I booked a 5 15 into Dallas/Fort Worth. Even used my miles!
 
 Together.
 Bonnie and Enzo. They are together.
 As in, Bonnie got into trouble with the Armory when you decided to take your little hibernation-vacation. Enzo stepped in and helped her out. I guess, you know, things happened from there...
 Your Barbie Dream-Phone is ringing.
 You think he went after Rayna himself?
 Maybe he's looking for his next murder party? Or maybe he's just gonna keep running, until...
 "On-board"... Hey, do you think he overheard you tell the drivers where to take Marty? You were just outside the house when you said it.
 I hate how good that felt.
 Damon's the one you should be thanking.
 Valerie? Valerie, are you okay?
 Damon, stop. She's not strong enough.
 Home.
 
 Damon, no offense, but I don't want things to go back to the way they were.
 Bonnie's undercover in a psych ward in Ashville. You might have better luck winning her back.
 
 Not like I had a choice, but... you're welcome.
 She's not here right now.
 Yeah. Yeah, sure. Come on in.
 Care and the girls left in a hurry. Trying to stay under the radar 'til this Rayna thing blows over.
 Yeah, thanks. You'd be amazed what you can accomplish when your fiancée can compel an interior designer and an entire homeowners' association.
 What do you mean?
 Oh, yeah, we are. But have you ever dealt with a homeowners' association?
 Uh, look, uh, I'd offer you something, but I haven't been to the store in a while... So, unless you want a juice box or some string cheese, I suggest we go somewhere else.
 You're not gonna answer that?
 Really? And after all that trouble he went through to get that psychopath out of your body?
 Okay, Stefan. What happened? Three years ago, you told Caroline you'd be with her when things were safe. Rayna got locked up... and you never showed.
 Well, that's how it went down for Caroline.
 
 But now... now you're ready. Right. That's why you're here. I mean, forget you couldn't manage even a postcard these last three years, but now that she's built a new life, there's a wedding on the books, and you're just popping in to share your side of the story.
 
 Will you just answer the damn phone, please?
 Hey!
 This part I really don't miss.
 
 Don't try to get the band back together. Yes, all hands are on deck right now, but that doesn't make us friends or earn you a place back in Caroline's life, okay?
 You know, you're wasting your time, Stefan. Let me tell you a little story.
 When we moved to Dallas, Caroline joined a book club. You know, it seemed like a good idea. At first, it was once a week, And then it was twice a week, then she started coming home later and later. So, one night, I followed her.
 The point is this  there was no book club. Turns out, she'd park her car down by the river so she could cry, alone. And then something happened. She stopped making excuses to be somewhere else, and the girls and I stopped being a placeholder. And we became her life.
 
 Better than anyone, now.
 Excuse me?
 
 I know she doesn't love me, but our life is not a lie. All I can do is be worthy of her, Stefan, which is more than you've ever been.
 
 Really? You think you can just show up here and everything's just gonna magically...?
 I can put them to bed if you want to...
 Okay, Stefan, what happened?
 You told Caroline you'd be with her once things were safe, and you never showed. You broke her heart.
 Thanks.
 No, you can't go. It's too dangerous.
 It would be irresponsible if we both went.
 Huh. Well, that's-that's good. Well, hopefully the afterglow will distract them. I mean, should I feel even the slightest twinge of guilt about this?
 Uh, that's... that's pretty bleak. You okay over there?
 Look, if you want to talk about Stefan, it's okay, all right? We don't have to pretend that he doesn't exist. Especially now that he's showing up at our doorstep.
 Okay.
 Oh, yeah. Love it. Love it.
 I guess we should thank you.
 Oh, my God.
 I don't believe it.
 Well, think of it like this, if you didn't, I probably would've had my throat ripped out, so there's that.
 Yeah, I know. (He sighs)
 Everything's gonna be fine?
 Do you know what this place is? Half of these things should've been lost to history. Disappeared. The other half shouldn't even exist. Now, if these guys can make all of this disappear, they're gonna have no problem making us disappear, so when I say, "Yeah, we're gonna be fine", what I'm really saying is I'm praying like hell that whatever it is they want, somebody's willing to give it to them.
 We can get in the car right now.
 Are you sure that's the only reason?
 I just want to know. You left things unfinished.
 Look, I really don't want to talk about Ashlynn or Wyatt.
 I understand, but there hasn't been any closure.
 What do you mean?
 Okay.
 I'm on it.
 
 You heard what Damon said. If she wakes up...
 Okay, fine. No chains. But then I'm not leaving.
 I know, but if this goes the wrong way, I'm the one person Bonnie's not gonna want to kill on sight, okay? I should be here with you.
 Okay, then you get on the plane. Let me stay here and help. That's the safest, most logical plan anyway.
 I'm gonna hold you to that promise.
 Now for our favorite subject. Anyone? Anyone?
 Vampires, real or myth? Bonnie?
 Wrong. Vampires are as common today as mosquitoes. 
 Very funny. 
 All right, girls. It's time to go back to bed, okay? Daddy's got to talk to mommy. 
 I don't know. We just will. We'll... we'll run together, as a family.
 I won't let it. I promise.
 Where are you guys gonna go? Wait. Don't tell me.
 Don't be. You just keep moving.
 And Caroline... you know I love you, right?
 Yeah, well, the girls wanted cookies and Daddy needed something to take his mind off things.
 There's got to be a more masculine way you could say that.
 All right, wave good-bye, girls.
 Be safe. (The phone beeps off)
 Hey.
 Tell me.
 Look, you guys can't keep doing this. You've got to find another way.
 Well, that's great.
 What? What do they need?
 Well, they're not just my kids, Caroline, they're our kids, and that's a decision we need to make together.
 Well, look, it's been almost a week since the girls have been able to hug their mother, so... if there's something we can do to make sure it's not two weeks, or three, or never...just tell me what it is we need to do.
 You guys know why we're here? Because there's something inside this building that's really important that we need. The only problem is these doors are locked, so we're gonna need your help to open them, okay?
 It's working.
 Good job.
 You both did such a good job.
 No more scar.
 I'm gonna take the kids home.
 No. No, you should, uh, you should stay. You changed my life... you know that, right? I mean, you completely turned it around. And for that, I, uh... I will always love you. Even though I know you don't love me the same way.
 It's okay. I mean, to be honest, I always knew. It's just that, you know, we... we had these moments where we were... just... perfectly in sync. You know, laughing at the kids or... in tears because we were so exhausted, I... I guess, uh... I don't know, I guess a part of me thought that maybe, one day, those moments might become something more. But that wouldn't be fair to you. Certainly wouldn't be fair to me, either.
 No.
 You should be happy. I mean, you deserve everything you want. And no matter what happens, Caroline, you, me, the kids... we're a family... and we will always, always be a family.
 You can come see the toys when you turn eighteen. Will you put Seline on, please?
 Uh, just one more of you... Any chance you're a doppelgänger?
 
 Hey, one of my interns is summoning me, I have to go. Make sure no one drowns.
 You got something?
 I told you, it's just a theoretical exercise. I've been running this place for only a couple months now, and I just want to know all about its nooks and crannies.
 
 ...I think so?
 What is this?
 I can't believe you guys found this...
 So where's the tunnel go?
 No, no. Let's just start walking.
 I am not an archaeologist.
 Yeah, that's the former me, before I had two daughters who expect me to come home in one piece. Uh, the new me is an academic geek only. Dad-me. Now, I like to avoid dangerous situations. Plus, you know, if you've been doing this as long as I have, you learn that rarely is a secret tunnel just a tunnel.
 Okay, watch your step.
 Case in point.
 Looks like a geek gold mine.
 This room is wild. I mean, anything subterranean should have evidence of erosion. The moisture from the earth alone should have eaten through most of these artifacts, but everything is perfectly preserved.
 I wouldn't touch that. Let's just leave everything alone. I mean, if everything has been undisturbed for as long as I think it has, I'd hate to expose these artifacts until we seal the space.
 Uh, Georgie... don't think that I don't appreciate it, but I'm pretty much closed for business. You know, it's just me and my kids and no distractions.
 Yeah, yeah. Exactly.
 One tunnel. I decide to go down one simple tunnel, and instead of being available for my kids who are under attack, I'm out of range. I mean, are we doing this all wrong? Should we just never leave their sides for the rest of their lives?
 It's because we're divided. I live thirty minutes away in a crappy apartment. We share custody. I'm just too far away to help you out.
 No, I want to move in here.
 Okay, I didn't say I thought you should stay.
 You know exactly where you should go. And you've wanted to be there for months now, but out of respect for my feelings, you haven't done it yet.
 Caroline, I want you to be happy, okay? I want our girls to be happy. And one of these days, I plan on being happy, too.
 Look... we can't escape this life, Care. So shouldn't we make sure we're at least living it right?
 There are different origin stories. Uh, Greek pagan mythologies. I mean, all the legends are based in the same idea  Sirens use mind control to lure their victims to their death. Some say they're messengers of the devil.
 To be honest, Bonnie, I... I don't know what to think anymore. I suppose every story has to start somewhere.
 
 Can't believe you guys found this. This room is wild. What is this? Looks like a geek gold mine. Everything is perfectly preserved.
 Sirens use mind control to lure their victims to their death. Some say they're messengers of the devil.
 Hey.
 Oh, they know that. And they're fine. They're upstairs watching cartoons after eating big bowls of sugar. They have excellent lives.
 What, no comment about eating sugary cereal?
 I gotta go, bye.
 Hey, Seline.
 Okay. That's a lot of fine print for a walk to Town Square.
 No, no. No mix-up. Caroline and I decided to give you a raise.
 Trust me... you earned it.
 I sent his bones to be DNA tested. Seemed like the scholarly thing to do. So, why are you not in D.C. with your fellow interns?
 Have you ever heard the phrase "publish or perish"? See, you guys help me not perish as the head of the St. John Armory Foundation, and I'll extend your internship. It's a win-win.
 It's called a submission deadline.
 A  I've yet to see you take your research assignment seriously. B  I am down here because this room is literally buried in untapped information.
 Check this out. "There is now a wall where there was none before. My friends have forgotten me, though I can hear her voice louder than ever."
 It's not a theory, it's just data. Is my eyesight improving, or is this actually easier to read today?
 "Midsummer's Day, 1790." 1790? I've seen that date somewhere... The archive room.
 Shut up, Georgie.
 Remember we're looking for items that arrived prior to 1800.
 Just making sure I didn't miss a text from the nanny.
 The kids went on a field trip today. Just want to make sure they got home all right.
 She's not hot...
 Focus on the research, please.
 June 21st, 1790 was the day the Armory received a mysterious shipment from the town of Mystic Falls. "Midsummer's Day, 1790. We took the crate to the vault. Its artifact was left above ground, for safety."
 "Secondary item, June 21, 1790. Artifact originated 2200 BC." I mean, I've never researched anything that old. I mean, which, in and of itself, is weird.
 Nice try. And as for my geek excitement, I fit right in here. Only in the Armory do they do doodles in cuneiform.
 Are you okay? W... Wait, where are you going? Hey, what's up?
 Oh, no, I'm just getting used to the millennial work ethic. What, are you calling from inside a well?
 Wait, you've got Enzo?
 Well, how'd he manage that?
 Am I gonna find cigarette butts on these flagstones?
 Look, if you want to be taken seriously in academia, you need to exit a room with a little more decorum.
 Uh, that's the opposite of decorum.
 I'm guessing there's a story here.
 As in a fiery placed ruled by a guy named Satan? I think it's fair to say the evidence is inconclusive. How do you know about this symbol?
 Care to elaborate?
 I'm sorry that happened.
 No. No, I don't. I believe you saw a piece of the puzzle. Now, I may not agree with your interpretation, but I believe you are a firsthand source.
 You don't even approach the threshold of the crazy I've seen. So why don't you come back inside and share with me this... PhD-level knowledge?
 Oh I can do that, and I'm sorry I'm late. You know, there's a big archive search still in progress at work. I didn't mean to derail your evening.
 Yeah, well, that remains to be seen. I mean, all I have so far is a series of tenuous connections between a journal from 1790, my intern's secret tattoo, and unconfirmed reports of hell as a place that offers up not only emotional turmoil, but ancient mystical runes... Allegedly.
 It's been a while.
 Only because of research.
 And that's her now.
 Yeah. Yeah, I'll see you then. Bye. Thank you.
 Is this intern swagger code for "Boss, I found something"?
 Well, show me.
 Sirens use mind control to lure their victims to their death. Some say they're messengers of the devil.
 Seriously, I'm fine with it.
 Well, I got two unused flower girl dresses I'll sell you cheap. Don't make me work this hard to show you I'm fine with it. Really.
 Hey, uh, why don't you guys go get set up in the office, okay? Nanny had the morning off so I had to work from home. Got them digging through miles of arcane siren research.
 Earning extra credit.
 Helping me with an urgent publishing deadline.
 Well, if by "figured out" you mean wild speculation based on centuries-old circumstantial evidence... I think they may have used this.
 Possibly. We're dealing with something that has the power of mind control. We get close to her and we're wrong? Then we're hers.
 Please tell me there's a "but".
 Uh, a man in a red suit. Pointy tail. With a pitchfork.
 Well, shouldn't that have three tines?
 Okay, well that's all very interesting, but that doesn't tell us anything about its connection to the sirens, how we'd use it...
 Come on, you know what I mean. No. Actually, I don't. You sure this is for a book? 'Cause you're treating it like lives are at stake.
 All right, I didn't cut them into star shapes like Seline does, but I've got some really cool square shapes for you.
 Girls. Lizzie... Put that down, right now.
 Shh...
 It's okay. You were right about that being a pitchfork. Literally. Emphasis on "pitch." It's a tuning fork.
 All right, kids are at the neighbors', Seline should be here in a half hour. Tell her there's something I have to take care of.
 You're right. I'm actually taking this to go do battle with a mythical creature from the ancient world. Wish me luck.
 Looks like you could use that.
 Well, I think your engagement would qualify as good news. I'm pretty sure I forgot to say congratulations earlier.
 You can leave the bottle. Thanks. You know, I never had a brother. Uh, Damon was the closest thing. And I have to believe that if you have gotten him back before, there has got to be a way to do it again.
 Sirens use mind control to lure their victims to their death. Some say they're messengers of the Devil. I suppose every story has to start somewhere.
 Oh, thank the nanny. She's the unwitting enabler.
 Uh... I thought I told you not to come in today.
 Well, actually, we're in the middle of a major project. So why don't you take the day off...
 I can only deal with one temptress at a time. Anyway, any word from Damon?
 What is it about this thing that hurts you so much? And why does it hurt my kids.
 I prefer nonfiction. Well, then you'll love this one. A long time ago, in a little Mediterranean village, there was a girl.
 What do you mean, two sirens?
 Well, those same myths also say that you should have the lower half of a bird.
 It's Seline. You got this?
 Why, what's going on? Well, your intern Georgie, she broke into the house
 Wait, she what?
 Well, are you okay? Are the girls?
 It's, uh, it's fine. Hey, thanks for calling. I-I gotta call you back, okay?
 Hello? Georgie?
 Wait!
 Hey, uh... Stefan. Or Caroline. I guess this is my modern-day version of a dead man's journal. P.S. I believe Georgie is the second siren, in case you haven't figured it out. Ironically, Georgie is how I know the way out of here is through a tunnel system behind one of these walls. Anyway, to find that wall and pass through it, I have to deprive myself of sight and sound. Now, while blindfolding myself is easy... the hearing part, it's gonna be tough. Anyway, nothing a little vampire blood can't fix on the "B" side. At least that's what I keep telling myself, so, on that reassuring note... over and out.
 Georgie.
 Wait!
 Dear Elena, I don't know where to start.
 Hey!
 What are you doing here on your day off?
 Yeah..
 I mean that... That'd be a huge help actually. Thank you.
 Yeah, he was one of us. He was family.
 Everyone?
 Mhmm. Yeah, Tyler's parents died a few years ago. He was the only Lockwood left. Now it's just a whole legacy. He's gone.
 I ah... I really need to head out. Are you sure you don't mind?
 Yeah, they would love that.
 What are you doing?
 That's for Tyler.
 Georgie, where is she? I already have another cell ready. Labeled "Siren Number Two".
 I set up an intercom system here. So this noise and pain will haunt you from now on, 24/7. Welcome to your psychic hell.
 Oh good! Listen, I need you to test the frequency levels every hour on the hour. It's incredibly important.
 Well, because I believe the vibrational motion had something to do with the formation of the tunnels.
 Okay, how about because I said so? Also, I got a really odd text from Georgie last night saying she had to leave town suddenly.
 Agreed. Which is why I need you to do some digging. Call her roommate, find out what's up. We need to find her right away.
 Multi-task! Test the frequency, look for Georgie, call me if anything strange happens.
 What's happened to you?
 No. No, you're different.
 Remember, it's not Damon. This is Damon under the control of a she-devil. We have to find a way to break her control and we will. I've got my interns working on it.
 I am trying to prevent that, you know?
 What are you suggesting?
 For how long?
 You sure?
 Hey, take a look at this, will you?
 So, the distance between Mystic Falls and the Armory is roughly 35 miles. Winding roads, hill country. But I was able to walk the distance of that tunnel in just a few hours. Which would make it, what, seven miles?
 Right. But the walls are old. Centuries, at least. So who the hell built them? And why? Hmm.
 No. No, I'll figure it out. So what's the latest on Georgie?
 Okay, I need you to call the police and file a missing persons report.
 It's just a precaution. How's the frequency research coming?
 One day.
 He was strong. In the face of so much loss.
 Dear Elena... We missed you today. It was a bad one in a long series of bad ones. But you'd like how we came out of it. I think we made you proud.
 Hey, I was just checking in.
 Wow, you're the best. And thank you for staying late, and working on your night off. I... couldn't have got through today without you.
 I'll be heading home soon.
 Hey, Josie? Girls?
 Girls?
 Girls?
 Seline.
 Girls!
 Here. She offered to watch the girls for me. We spoke by phone a few hours ago. She was getting ready to put the girls to bed.
 Seline. Where are they?
 Let me speak to them.
 Bring them back, please.
 Why?
 You're right. The less I know, the better. But I'll tell you, I could give a damn about your plans, because they're never gonna happen. I'm gonna find you... and I'm gonna kill you. No discussions, no last-minute pleas for my sympathy. You have been in my home with me. And somehow, in all your scheming, you've missed just how far I'm willing to go to protect my children. I'm not coming for you. I'm coming for them. But the longer you run, the more I'm gonna hurt you.
 Matt has a, uh... a partial trace on Seline's cell. They're near Oakwood.
 And if it's a dead end like the last three?
 Yeah, well, if you were sure of that he'd be driving and not me. And you'd still be wearing his ring.
 No, but they were just here, so, whatever you're doing with Enzo, it's working.
 I don't care.
 I'm serious, Stefan. Enzo's the best chance I have at getting my kids back, so if you have to turn his brain into oatmeal, that's what you do, understood?
 Now's not a good time.
 Yeah, well, do more.
 They were here.
 You don't want to know. What about Enzo?
 She's been right in front of me the whole time. I-I should've noticed something. I-I should've felt something!
 Yeah, we're here.
 No. Something doesn't seem right.
 What is it? What's happening?
 Go? Where?
 Caroline, if something happens to those girls..
 Look, they shouldn't be living this life.
 You know, when we get them back, I'm taking them away. As far away from all of you as possible.
 Darkness follows vampires everywhere you go, that's what you attract!
 WHY NOT, Caroline?! My kids should've never been involved in this..
 MY kids! They're mine, Caroline. Mine and Jo's.
 Hey, darling. Hey. Ooh. Oh, my gosh. Oh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, it's so good to see you.
 I just want one of the doctors here to check them out first. We can take them home in the morning. Listen, uh... the things I said... I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
 I won't. I was out of my mind... Caroline. I don't know how to do this. I don't know how to protect... my own children.
 Oh, that's okay, I'll take care of it. Thank you.
 No, really, Matt... thank you. You know, sometimes... I think you're the only sane voice in this... parade of crazy that we call our lives.
 No, I suppose not. But still...
 Thanks for showing up. I've been wanting to kill someone all day. 
 I can't have my kids endangered anymore. And they will always be endangered as long as you're alive.
 This is for Tyler.
 I don't know how to protect my own children.
 This is for Tyler.
 I'm afraid we're not gonna be able to stay very long.
 I know.
 I guess they didn't register the danger. No, they just keep asking for her ever since I got them back.
 No, I'll talk to them... once we leave.
 Look, I think you'll need to sit down for this.
 I killed you.
 He deserved it.
 "But I heard him exclaim, 'ere he drove out of sight, Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good-night."
 Okay. One more, but then a nap, because Santa Claus is scheduled to drop by any minute now.
 And Uncle Stefan's right. But remember. Never open the palace doors for anyone but Mommy, Daddy and Uncle Stefan, okay?
 Bonnie?
 What the hell do you have to say?
 Look, I did what you asked, and I got on the phone. Now it's your turn. Give my friends what they need.
 Oh, well, mine was not making sure you that you were permanently dead. I see you're wreaking havoc as usual.
 Yeah, we've had enough guests for one night. Besides, this is between us. I'm doing this for them, not you. Remember my terms.
 Girls.
 You're very welcome. We need to get going soon.
 Matt? How'd you get in here?... Are you okay?
 I didn't even know you were in town. Yeah, well, Dorian needed my help with something. Looks like he wasn't the only one. So what the hell happened?
 Are you sure it wasn't just a nightmare? You know, your mind trying to work out that you almost rang the bell and burned down Mystic Falls?
 Well, I've heard of Latvian witches using something like that to contact the dead. You know, a way to create a psychic link between the living and their ancestors.
 No. No, it's... it's bad.
 What are you doing here?
 Well, Matt here has been getting visions because of that journal; and you show up looking for it. Coincidence? I think not. So why don't you tell us the real reason you want it.
 Sorry. You don't give the devil what he wants if you don't know why he wants it.
 Hmm. Okay. Fine. Have it your way.
 Well, if we can figure out why the journal's so important to Cade, maybe we can figure out how to stop him. After that, it's all yours.
 That's good. I want you to focus on the metronome. 
 Okay, Matt, picture yourself there. Now tell me what you're seeing. 
 Hey, listen, he can't control what he's seeing, DAMON. Relax. 
 Matt? Matt! 
 I think he's having a heart attack.
 Hey, Dorian So, I'm, uh, so sorry it got crazy around here today.  What was it you needed my help with?
 Do you have any idea what you've done?
 Why do you only seem to care about loss when it's your own?
 You have absolutely no idea... how important that journal was.
 Oh, so you knew? And you gave it to him anyway.
 Oh, yeah? How sure are you?
 When I figured out how to stop it and could find them another school to go to. There's just nowhere for them to go.
 And I am sorry. But I'm not the only one keeping secrets, here. I mean, what's up with the flower girl dresses in the box here, anyway?
 I'm really sorry to hear that. Look, why don't we just call someone? I mean, we're not really equipped to handle this.
 Wait, what do you mean?
 So, we're bad parents.
 What're you thinking, bringing him here?
 No, that's your priority. Kai is quite literally my worst enemy.
 Why me?
 Hello.
 Aren't you supposed to be asleep?
 Ok, listen to me carefully. You remember where I told you to hide if there was a monster. Go there. Take your sister, do it now, ok. I'll be there soon.
 Kai?! What have you done? Where's Caroline?
 Look you escaped. Why don't you just leave, find somebody else to terrorise?
 I'm not going to let you hurt them. I'm coming for you.
 Yeah, well, where are you?
 Kai?
 Bonnie's in the car with the girls.
 Everything else is replaceable. Let's go.
 Help Stefan do what?
 No. No, Caroline.
 Well, that is not your problem.
 Your girls need you.
 Okay, Bonnie's in the car with the girls.
 Everything else is replaceable. Let's go.
 Help Stefan do what?
 No, no Caroline.
 Well, this is not your problem.
 Your girls need you.
 No. I don't need to remind you what it's like to lose your mother. Don't make me have to tell those girls you died because you put somebody else before them.
 You need to head out now, Caroline. Take the tunnels, it'll be faster for you.
 All right, girls. Why don't you go change your dresses, okay?
 It's not that I don't care, you know? I care about Elena.
 And I care about Damon.
 I don't want to fail them. But I can't fail my daughters. And they need their mother.
 Oh, that is "Project Hail-Mary". Dorian and I were trying to find a way to destroy Cade's hell. We figured we needed a few million volts of mystical energy, just give or take. That kinda took the wind out of our sails.
 Listen, we have to leave quickly. I'll explain everything in the car to you, okay? Come on, girls, run to the car. Run to the car.
 Caroline, I'm so sorry but we have to go.
 I don't know what to say, Caroline. Stefan, hes uh... he's made a decision.
 As for my family, Caroline and I got what Damon decided was Stefan's last wish.
 Caroline was determined to make it a success. She wanted to make her mum proud.
 Plus, soon after the school opened, she got a most impressive donor. But that is the beginning of another story.
