 Good morning.
 Someone who needs your help. And, in return, can provide you with information you desperately want.
 Be my guest.
 I just... figured you'd want to know who your family was, orphan and all.
 Because... as obnoxious as it sounds, we like to think we know everything.
 Poor thing. So desperate to embrace the modern world, but so unable to grasp the concept of cell phone tracking.
 Bag 'em up, and let's go home.
 Found that laying around and thought you might need it. Guess that's the last time we let you watch the house.
 You said you wanted to know where you came from. We just needed you to prove it.
 Your family is here, Lorenzo.
 Your father founded the Armory.
 This estate is where he lived and died. What he left behind is your birthright.
 Believe me, I know the feeling. Until Tyler Lockwood called us, I didn't know I had any family left either.
 My name is Alexandria St. John. I'm your family, Lorenzo.
 Lorenzo.
 You must be Bonnie Bennett. I'm Alex St. John. Welcome to the Armory.
 I'm sorry for Enzo's behavior yesterday.
 He wasn't following proper protocol. I asked him to call you back here.
 Might've gotten off on the wrong foot.
 
 Rayna Cruz is a common enemy. We should be working together to fight her.
 Fair. Why don't you come with me?
 This room contains everything the Armory has gathered on Rayna Cruz. List of victims, her lineage, the spell used to create her...
 And, most importantly, the shamans that gave their lives for her. The eight Everlastings.
 There should be three preserved corpses.
 We lost another one? Did you know about this? Why wasn't I told?
 Damnit!
 
 Rayna is officially in captivity. Where's the Bennett witch?
 
 Yes, Rayna was the first priority. Bonnie Bennett is a close second.
 Three years with us, and you still haven't learned to sit quietly. Do you like the change in scenery?
 We need your help.
 Oh, I don't think that's true, because we have something you want  answers about the research we've been doing with your girlfriend.
 The price is a name, actually. Lorenzo St. John.
 So I can kill him myself.
 I believe Enzo released Rayna Cruz. Why? I have no idea. Why does Enzo do anything lately? But I have learned over time that if I can't trust my family, I certainly can't trust my usual team. And that's where you come in.
 You can be the one to hunt him down.
 
 Bring Enzo back to me, alive, and I'll give you everything I have to heal her.
 Don't let me stop the poetry.
 Free-styling?
 
 
 Who are you?
 Resting in the office.
 
 I said I'd give you everything I know about the pills. Here's what I know  we tried to create the antidote, and we failed.
 Meanwhile, Mary Louise will be dead within the week.
 You can stay here and yell at me if you want, but then I might not give you a car. I suggest you go make the most of the time your girlfriend has left.
 Why so interested in the pills? They're only really useful if you want to fight a witch... or hide from a locator spell.
 I know you've been raiding the Armory's supplies. Figured it out after Rayna's escape. But why did you steal so many pills? Who could you have been giving them to?
 
 We're family, so you know I'm not an idiot. Give Bonnie Bennett my regards.
 Been looking for you, cousin.
 Not too hard to find you, seeing as you've left a trail of vampire corpses across the southeast.
 Before you think about hurting me, my team knows where I am. One text from me, and they'll storm the entire building. Somehow I don't think you want that.
 Doing what?
 You can't keep hiding her from me.
 So, it was her idea to go undercover at the psychiatric ward?
 There was an incident at my sister's hospital yesterday. I was notified with all the details. Virginia often has violent episodes. That's why I had her committed  after she killed Lucy Bennett.
 You didn't know?
 Four years ago, Virginia forced Lucy to seal a vault in the Armory with magic. Only problem was our other sister Yvette was still inside when they closed it. I need to get her out. Bonnie can help me do that.
 You're wrong. Something has kept her alive in there. I can hear her voice calling to me for help. It's my fault that she's suffering. I know you understand that kind of guilt.
 Your situation is untenable. You care for a girl that probably doesn't have long to live. I need that girl to perform a simple spell so I can put our family back together. I feel like you and I could solve each other's problems, Lorenzo. Bring me Bonnie Bennett, and I will do everything I can to save her life.
 Our other sister Yvette was still inside when they closed it. I need to get her out. Bonnie can help me do that.
 Shh, it's okay. I'm here. I'm-I'm here, Yvette.
 I do. Do you have something to offer in return?
 Bonnie, I know you don't have much time left, but I'm hoping you'll reconsider now that I have something in my possession you might be willing to fight for.
 Thank you, Bonnie. You and your friends are free to go.
 Yvette! Yvette?!
 I'm here.
 Where are you?!
 No!
 Bonnie?
