 Jeremy?
 Picture an emo pixie cut and braces.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, before I got shipped off to boarding school by my dad.
 Thank you. I guess. I sort of don't know how to answer when people say that.
 He had the faulty gas line.
 Sorry, I haven't figured out what to say about that yet either. Wow, I am being a freak. Um...I'm just, you know, not much for grief, I guess. I have to go register or something, I think. 
 Hey. Long time, no see. Not since...
 Yeah.
 They want me to speak. I guess all the kids who lost somebody can. What am I supposed to say? I'm sorry my dad didn't fix the gas line? But, if I don't say anything then...I mean, what if nobody does? My dad and I didn't always get along or anything but, everybody still deserves to have nice things said about them at their own funeral, you know? I mean, for my mom's funeral, everybody said these really nice things.
 Yeah. 
 Sorry, you scared me. I was just practicing my speech for later.
 
 Why did he do this?
 I'm gonna be okay. You're gonna help me.
 Elena! Thank God, I know someone.
 
 Mmm, if my dad could see me now.
 I'm trudging through my denial phase. Dreaming up conspiracy theories.
 My first weekend home from boarding school, my dad smelled cigarette smoke on my clothes before I even walked in the door. He would have noticed a gas leak in the house.
 I know there's no investigation, that everyone's calling it an accident. But, the shooting at the church? It just feels like...
 
 Hey.
 Way to bail on your own party.
 Yeah, deputies weren't actually super-happy about the anti-curfew party.
 Um, honestly? Picking up trash is a hell of a lot better than sitting at home alone thinking about the family you no longer have.
 What are you going to be able to do that I can't?
 I'm good. I'm not just sitting here, alone, like the loser, new girl. I'm with my friend, she just...
 Uh...Matt?
 Oh, sorry, I wasn't like trying to scare you or stalk you or whatever. I just – I came to ask if you've seen Rebekah.
 Oh, I just assumed...I mean, aren't you guys kind of like a thing?
 
 What are you talking about? I've never seen you before in my life.
 Would someone please tell me what he's talking about?!
 
 What if he knows something? Jeremy, did he say anything to you about why he's doing this?
 When I was a kid, my dad used to tell me these scary stories about vampires.
 Not to that man out there. There's something so familiar about him.
 What is that?
 So, that's it then? We're screwed.
 Hey Jeremy. Sorry we're so late, we had to take this crazy detour.
 Yeah, and we had to stop by Tyler Lockwood's house because we had to see Caroline. We talked to her for a little bit, but now I was thinking maybe we could all go get some coffee. 
 Oh. All right, then.
 Oh, that's not mine.
 Uh, thanks, but...
 Okay.
 Hey guys.
 Why does he look so familiar?
 Hey, umm, have you guys seen Rebekah? She said she was gonna help me look into what caused the explosion at my dad's farm and then she just...
 Oh, I just remember how I know him. Through my dad.
 Yeah, he taught a theology seminar at Whitmore last year.
 Really? The blue seems a little safe.
 I care.
 I guess you'll do.
 Hey, where have you been?
 Jeremy, if you were to chicken to do the dance thingie then you should have just told me.
 You did?
 He's a judge. I talked to him about my dad. I mean, he said that he had never seemed depressed or suicidal or anything, so...
 Yeah, um, you know, I figured I'd explore every possibility, even the bleak ones.
 What are you looking at?
 Yes ma'am.
 Oh, sorry.
 Oh, hello, are you okay? Um...
 Oh my gosh!
 Caroline!
 Somebody help! Help!
 Holy crap!
 You didn't have a pulse. You were dead.
 
 Nothing. I'm fine.
 It's just the whole mayor thing, you know. It's bringing stuff up about my dad.
 And I know you're a vampire.
 Was that necessary?
 The assembly is over.
 The school will be empty soon...How many times did you compel me?
 Don't...don't lie. Rebekah says you lie.
 What? She's not a thousand-year-old Original vampire?
 Oh, you asked me to take notes.
 Bonnie? How did you know everyone was here?
 Did you do a GPS magic locator spell or something?
 Rebekah told me that you're a witch.
 Rebekah has Stefan, Elena, and Caroline compelled. She's getting them to actually tell the truth for a change.
 What?
 What are you looking for?
 I think I just saw some.
 What are you doing?
 My father had no reason to kill eleven people. He had no reason to kill himself. He loved me. He loved Mystic Falls. He was brainwashed into sparking that fire. Professor Shane organized his death and the eleven others who died with him.
 It's time this entire town started telling the truth.
 
 I can't just make you prom queen. It is based on votes, and you have approximately none so far.
 No, I can't. And you can't make me. I drink vervain tea now.
 Hey. Okay, the ballots have been tallied, which means it's time to announce this year's prom king and queen.
 All right, your prom king and queen are...Matt Donovan and Bonnie Bennett.
 What's going on?
