 On the contrary. Hello, Seline. Tell me, what brings me here?
 So... you want your freedom in exchange for these two sweet girls.
 Actually, I'm intrigued. What do you think?
 With time and guidance, there's no telling what you two can become.
 So, you want your freedom in exchange for these two girls.
 Mr. Salvatore. I've been waiting for you.
 Just... behind the veil.
 If this were hell, you would know it. Think of this as a waiting room. Lucky for you, I'm sending you back. But not before we discuss our partnership.
 Surely, you must have questions.
 Actually... you're the perfect person. I'm here to show you why.
 Those aren't grapes. But it is your work. Ringing a bell? Take another look. If death is your canvas... this is your masterpiece. Nothing but evil could produce this. I decided you were mine. Right here. Monterey. Christmas. 1917.
 On the contrary, Ripper.
 Recognize him? That you showed remorse meant nothing to me. But for some reason, it did to her.
 Does this jog your memory?
 She altered your subconscious enough that you forgot on your own.
 Yeah. Weak. I knew I had lost her. But it piqued my interest... in you. You're a savage killer who escaped fate and turned my best servant into a mush of remorse. That combination makes you valuable. That's why I jumped at the opportunity to have you as my new servant. You... a coldhearted killing machine, instead of some reluctant girl who found morality a hundred years ago.
 I'm disappointed to hear it. Hmm. That Ripper is exactly what I want in a servant. One more stop.
 This is moments before you first met her... literally ran into her.
 If only you had never come down this hallway, we might not be together now.
 She already had enough tragedy in her life. You just had to insert yourself. All because you "had to know her." You took a good girl whose life was headed down the right path and you veered her right into the median.
 Never meeting her... was the only way to protect her. But instead, you chose a total stranger and turned her into something dark.
 But you can do it again. For me. Find people that would get into the place with pearly gates by an inch, and make them into folks that would miss it by a mile. Like Elena. Help me gather what I need.
 Good people who can be made wicked. They are evil at their core. Their souls are unusually potent. Those are the ones I want to feed on most of all.
 I suppose. Especially considering I have forever with you.
 I suddenly become patient enough to wait for those kids upstairs to come of age.
 "Faster"? How?
 You'd turn your humanity off?
 One year. Although the beast I saw in Monterey will never tire of this work. I predict that, after a year with me, you won't want to leave.
 That's what makes our wager worthwhile.
 You want your freedom in exchange for these two girls.
 You'd turn your humanity off?
 I predict that, after a year with me, you won't want to leave.
 My beautiful children. You're still broken after all these years.
 In the flesh.
 The bell rang 11 times. One shy of hellfire upon this earth but enough for me to pay a visit.
 That won't be necessary. I'll handle it from here.
 The bell rang 11 times. I'll handle it from here.
 There's so many options. "Nitro brew?" "Flat white?" "Sea salt and smoked chili latte?" 
 Hmm. Thanks for the insight.
 I would like a straight drip.
 To go, please. Keep the change.
 I know you've been stretching your paycheck while you try to impress your boss' wife. You didn't have to try so hard. Based on what I see in your memory, money was the least of her needs. Now, you were right to wonder about all of her lunch dates. Tuesdays and Thursdays. Always at his place.Hmm.
 Making up for your disappointing work ethic. I sent him on a task. You're wondering if I'm a hallucination. Well, I assure you, I am very real.
 Upon the Maxwell bell's 11th ring, the boundary to hell broke down for a moment. I took the opportunity to step through and take up residence here. Since my disciples seem to require additional motivation.
 Mm, fire is only one of the tools at my disposal. But he hardly needed prompting to go back to work. Now it's your turn to make up the deficit. By sundown tonight, you will kill 100 people...
 Your feelings are a non-issue. Our arrangement is very clear. Do as I say and you won't go to hell. Disobey me, and I send you there to stay. So here's your second option. If you object to quantity, I will accept quality instead.
 Quality like... Caroline Forbes.
 It's completely up to you. Before the sun goes down, kill 100 evil strangers, or kill the love of your brother's life.
 I expected to find you busier.
 Well, that's contrary to your task.
 And yet you understand the downside of disobeying me.
 You think I'm being unfair.
 I could say the same of you. How very Damon Salvatore, to contemplate murdering the devil. Even now, you're gauging where my beating heart might lie. Asking yourself if you can best my reflexes...
 And now you're wondering if fire can kill me. Let's find out. 
 Stay where you are! He was stealing from his employees. The other one was a philanderer.
 I beg to differ. Here's another thief. 
 Those of you who feel yourselves to be good people, free of evildoing, you may be excused.
 Where's my reluctant envoy?
 You should be thanking me. I'm doing your work for you. I assumed your choice was the hundred. Unless I'm wrong. You can end this here and now with one particular soul.
 No, but you're important because you're Stefan's girl. Your brother understood the choice right away.
 Your choice was not. His choice was.
 The task I gave both of you was kill 100 people, or kill your brother's girl. Stefan chose option B, which is to kill your girl.
 You underestimate him. Stefan headed to New York without blinking an eye. He jumped at the chance to murder Elena.
 Yes, and no. She doesn't count. She was essentially a good woman, and her soul is of no use to me. But I quite enjoyed watching you work. I gave you three worthy kills. You still have 97 to go.
 Oh, you misunderstand me. Your quota is separate from your brother's task. You made your choice, he made his.
 The time for bargains is over. Now get back to work.
 The task I gave both of you was kill 100 people or kill your brother's girl. Stefan chose option "B."
 Forgive me. I let myself in. I came to offer my condolences. I'm sorry for your loss.
 I was referring to your brother. Our deal was for two immortal souls. Your friends found a loophole when they made Stefan human, rendering our agreement null and void. You and your brother are now free.
 While you remain immortal, Stefan does not. Which means I'm free to end his life and recall his soul to the fiery pits of my world whenever I choose. I'm thinking he should die at midnight.
 In fact, there is. I've taken an interest in local history. There's an 18th-century journal written by Ethan Maxwell. I believe your friend, the occult studies professor, has come into possession of it.
  It's a small price to pay for allowing Stefan to live out the remainder of his human life, before he returns to me. Do we have a deal?
 Cutting it pretty close.
 You don't. 
 I wouldn't want to give you false hope.
 You shouldn't talk to yourself and expect an answer. That way lies madness.
 Your body's spent. Right now you're in the space between spaces. On Death's literal doorstep. Call it limbo if you must.
 I want the ashen dagger. The one weapon that can kill me.
 You named your terms. I drag your soul to Hell.
 I believe I have something that will change your mind.
 I can see why you both love her. She's a beautiful soul, made dimmer perhaps by her association with the two of you. I have to admit you're not the Salvatore I was expecting.
 Does that mean you brought me the dagger? Ah. You intend to kill me. How optimistic. Is that the form you think your atonement will take? Stefan, you're human. I'm almost worried you'll get pneumonia and die in this very cave. What are the odds of you killing me?
 Heroic effort but it seems your bell stopped ringing. 
 Our deal was that you would bring me the dagger in exchange for Elena.
 Fine. I will give you one soul. 
 The question is which soul will you save? Elena's? Or your brother's?
 I'm curious, Damon. What's it like to be the first person to know how Hell on earth feels?
 More important question  who's it going to be? I suggest you answer soon or the flames will make the decision for you.
 Enough of the angel on his shoulder. I'm doing you a favor. Damon. This exact choice has defined your life since the moment you and your brother first laid eyes on Elena. Being torn between the two has only brought both of you an immeasurable amount of pain and suffering. It can end now. Choose.
 I have to say, I'm intrigued.
 Are you aware of what you're offering me?
 I'd like nothing better. 
 Done. Your move, Damon.
 Yes. You will.
