 This year's queen will have the special honor of taking stage at the hundred and fiftieth Founders' Day Gala. Before we crown our winner, we'd like to get to know a bit more about each of you.
 Honor your partner. Stay focus, right hand around. Flirt with your eyes Left hand around.
 Both hands.
 Elena, let's go. The line-up's starting.
 You're not even dressed yet. Escorts wait downstairs, Stefan.
 Has anyone seen Amber?
 Elena, you're next.
 Tyler! What are you doing?
 Oh, don't say that, honey.
 Oh, God.
 So I understand John Gilbert has left town. Have they found the vampire that attacked him?
 Which brings me to my next subject. With Richard gone, I'll be acting as interim mayor until the elections and I'm going to need someone to spearhead out the council. I'd like that person to be you.
 It's my brother-in-law, Mason. He's still visiting. I just don't want him to hear us. He didn't want any part of the council when he lived here and I see no reason to bring him into it now.
 More tea? Damon?
 I think it's good for Tyler to have you in the house.
 Oh, and I can see If I can dig up that stone you're looking for. It's bound to be tucked away in one of Richard's nooks and crannies.
 Good night Tyler. (leaves.)
 The old Lockwood estate?
 It was the original plantation house. Beautiful antebellum architecture and if it hadn't burnt to the ground we'd probably be living in it.
 We don't talk about those kind of rooms.
 Well, this is the South, honey, but no one likes to reminisce about the old slave days.
 Well, be careful. If anything happens on the property the family is liable.
 This is all part of the historical society, continuing efforts to give back to the community. Thanks to the generous donation of the Fell family. We are now standing on the sight of our newest public park. Thank you to everyone who has shown up today to lend a helping hand. Thanks.
 Jenna, thanks for helping wrangle the volunteers.
 So was Richard. This was always his favorite party of the year.
 Boys! Be careful with that! It's from the 1800s. Excuse me. Tyler!
 Thanks. It was nice to see Matt today. He hasn't been around for a while.
 Actually Tyler, Mason headed back to Florida.
 I'm sorry, honey. I know how much you two hit it off.
 I was hoping he'd stick around...I thought that with your dad gone...anyway, he's gone. So, I guess it's just you and me now.
 It's already packed out there. You know, we need to keep that door shut. Your father would be very unhappy if I let guests in here.
 Oh, look at you! So handsome.
 Oh, a compliment. I think I'll fall over.
 No and I don't think we're going to. He's coming, he's going, it's just his way. He's the exact opposite of your father.
 This whole masquerade theme was his idea. I don't know what it has to do with helping the homeless but once he made up his mind, he could really be a dick...a jerk. But I loved him and I know you did too. It's natural to feel abandoned. I just don't want you to feel alone.
 I think I need a cocktail first.
 Okay, your mom's on her way and we called Sarah's parents. It was an accident. It was a terrible, tragic accident.
 I'll go prepare her, just don't leave. Just stay here okay? She's going to want to hear the story from you.
 Heading out?
 Mason's back in Florida. He has been for a while now.
 Of course.
 I'm afraid he's at the Grill with his friends. I'll let him know. 
 Tyler?
 Tyler? I'm leaving for the memorial.
 It's good to have you back, John. We could really use you.
 Damon Salvatore is leading the Council now. Talk to him. Excuse me.
 Have you spent much time in Richmond for your book? There's such a wealth of history there.
 That's fascinating.
 Damon.
 What a surprise.
 Hi. Elijah, I want you to meet Damon Salvatore. His family is one of Mystic Falls' founding families.
 Hello? 
 You think vampires were involved?
 No, I haven't, honey. Sorry. But if you see him, could you ask if he's heard from Tyler?
 No. The note he left said he needed time to figure some things out, but I wish I knew where he was.
 And here to accept the donation to the Miranda Sommers-Gilbert scholarship fund is Elena Gilbert.
 Please, let the sheriff do her job.
 I'm sorry for the scare. It was just a bad fall. Paramedics are on their way.
 What are you talking about? Damon, he's dead.
 But he's not breathing. He has no pulse.
 Elijah, Elena! What are you doing here? What happened?
 Well, I'm on my way to a meeting, so I-
 Of course. Anything you need.
 Well, we can try one of my husband's suits. I haven't boxed them up yet.
 Tyler, honey. It's your mother. I don't know where you are, but I need you. I've had an accident and I'm in the hospital.
 Please, Tyler, come home.
 Why did I say that?
 Tyler?
 You're back.
 Better, thank goodness.
 I've been resting, and now I'm ready to get back to work. I need you to update me on where we are with the vampire situation.
 Are you? Because I left you in charge of this town's safety, and lately I'm not seeing any results.
 Then see that you do, Sheriff, because if you can't, I'll find someone who will.
 Leaving so soon?
 Morning, sweetheart. Coffee's hot.
 Uh, rough week. I'm a little stressed. You?
 You know, if you're going to bring a girl home, I wish she'd have the tact to not sneak out like a prostitute.
 Hmm.
 Bill, it's, um, Carol Lockwood. I've gotten myself into a bit of a vampire situation.
 Thank you so much for coming. Does anyone else know you're here?
 Can I offer you a drink?
 I was hoping you could tell me. It's Caroline, Bill. I remember the day she was born.
 I haven't said a word. I've been putting this together on my own for months now. Any ideas how to handle this? I can't get my hands dirty here for a lot of reasons.
 Vervain? What are you talking about?
 You've been spending so much time with Caroline. I had to know for sure.
 Let's skip the part where we pretend she's not one of them.
 Tyler, I don't want you to be with her.
 I can't let you be together.
 You can't be with her. She's a monster.
 Know what? Know what, Tyler?
 Tyler, what is it? Just...just tell me.
 What are you doing?
 What?
 Tyler, what's happening?
 Tyler, what are you doing?
 What curse?
 Tyler, what's happening?! What's happening?
 Oh, my God! Ohh! No! Ohh!
 I'll take care of it. I'll make sure nothing happens to her.
 I think we made a mistake.
 Maybe a guilty conscience.
 What if we're wrong?
 Wait!
 Anyone else have anything to add to the minutes? Damon?
 Well, I have nothing new to add, so thank you all for coming.
 Damon.
 That's not the way it works, Mr. Saltzman.
 As a long-time member of the Historical Society, I am especially proud to be kicking off this day of festivities. Thank you, volunteers. Tonight, we turn off our town's lights and flare up our lanterns in honor of the night of illumination started by our founders 150 years ago. Here's founding family member Tobias Fell with a history lesson.
 Have you seen Tobias Fell? He's supposed to do the lighting ceremony.
 Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Fell seems to have been detained, so the history department's very own Mr. Saltzman has agreed to fill in.
 Oh, thank you!
 They are blue.
 What do you say Damon? Klaus has made a very generous pledge. You know how we're chomping at the bit to begin the renovation.
 Klaus has promised to protect Tyler, Damon. And our town.
 Please Damon, just get your brother under control, or the Council will be forced to take action against him.
 Hello.
 I'm the mayor, Damon. When the oldest, deadliest, family of vampires moves into your town, you welcome them with a smile.
 I'm trying to protect this town. They've assured me they want peace, and I've assured them that I'd enforce it.
 We have two council murders and an attempted murder on our hands. If you have a suspect, it is your duty to keep me in the loop.
 Just, tell me who it is, Liz.
 A long line of Lockwood women use to keep those records, back before any of them had actual jobs.
 It probably got cut down. Big old trees built half of this town in the 1900s.
 Back then all the logging mills were owned by the Salvatores.
 Alaric, I'm glad you're here. Did you bring the sign?
 The restored Wickery Bridge sign. The history department promised me you'd have it today.
 Well, it's not an emergency. We'll just um- unveil it when the bridge is complete.
 It probably got cut down.
 I didn't call the meeting, Liz.
 He did.
 Why are you doing this?
 In here!
 Alaric outed us to the council. He told them everything. The whole council knows what you are.
 I pulled together some cash and Liz will get you some new identification and we'll get school records...
 If you stay, you're going to end up dead. You don't have a choice.
 What's going on?
 You can't arrest me! I'm the Mayor of this town!
 Tyler, thank God. Are – are you okay?
 
 You didn't answer your phone, honey. I was so scared that you were with Caroline.
 The Council took her.
 May I help you?
 Carol Lockwood. I know who you are, Connor, and I believe the Sheriff made it clear that the tragedy at the farmhouse was an internal matter.
 You know, I really don't think that's a good idea.
 Uh, excuse me.
 
 It wasn't official town business.
 Tyler! Oh my God! Tyler! Tyler, run!!
 Before we begin the Mass, we'd like to open the floor to anyone who would like to share a memory about our late friends on the Town Council. I know that April Young wanted to say a few words about her dad. April? April, are you still here, honey?
 Is there anyone else who would like to share a recollection or a memory about Pastor Young?
 Come on up, Elena.
 Oh my God.
 I have to call an ambulance.
 The whole town just watched you get shot. I'm calling an ambulance.
 Tyler, it's okay. They're here for your protection.
 So, the sniper was inside?
 Good. I'll cancel the curfew and call off the extra patrols. I can't say I approve of your methods...
 Welcome to this season's Miss Mystic Falls.
 We are so excited to showcase our most outstanding community leaders in the making.
 And now, the moment you've been waiting for. Caroline, would you do the honors?
 Instruct the guests to drop their donations at the gift tree in the Grill.
 Excuse me.
 There you are!
 Quick. A toast before people can judge us.
 What's wrong?
 But you'll miss graduation. Which I guess is a ridiculous thing to worry about.
 You do what you have to do, Tyler.
 Well, don't look so shocked, I'm trying to channel your father. He'd be proud of you, you know? You're a leader of people just like he was.
 Tyler, honey, you're supposed to be my sober cab. I think I drank half the party.
 Klaus, please, don't hurt him. He's my son. He's all I have.
