 Relax, Mikael. Niklaus means well.
 
 No, no!! What happened?
 
 No! No!!! 
 Ayana, we have already lost too much. We cannot lose any more...The spirits can help us find a way to protect our children.
 Please, Ayana.
 Look at me! Do you know why I'm here?
 Niklaus, you are my son and I am here to forgive you. I want us to be a family again.
 Enough! Niklaus. Come.
 You put daggers in their hearts. You want them to go down on their knees and kiss your feet for reuniting them?
 You need to give it time, Niklaus. I've had a thousand years on the other side to be angry and to heal. I'm here to make sure this family does the same.
 It's been my dream for a thousand years that this family could be as one. Forgiveness is not a chore. It's a gift. Now, who are you bringing to the ball this evening?
 Well, I wish you would reconsider. It is going to be a magical evening.
 That'd be the girl.
 It's only sage. I've spelled it so we can speak freely without fear of being overheard. That'll be all Finn, thank you. 
 Not exactly. When I died the witch Ayana preserved my body with a spell. She was a close friend of mine, an ancestor of your friend Bonnie.
 They complete the Bennett bloodline. I drew power from them and their ancestors who were with me on the other side.
 Nature's way of punishing me for turning my family into vampires. But there is a way for me to undo the evil I created.
 One thing at a time Elena. For now, I simply need your help.
 I understand Rebekah shared the story of my family. How I upset the balance of nature by turning my children into vampires.
 It's true. But in no time at all, they began to feed on human blood. They ravaged the town with no remorse. Eventually, Niklaus turned against me.
 It will take time, magic, and your assistance.
 My children believe I'm holding this ball to celebrate our reunion. But in truth I've gathered them together to perform a ritual. The first step requires blood from the doppelgänger. Only a drop. Its essence will be in the champagne toast later on this evening. Will you do it or shall I?
 Elijah is more suspicious than the others, so he may need more persuasion. But they must all drink at the toast in order to be linked as one.
 You said yourself Klaus can't be killed. But tonight's spell links all my children together, so that if one goes, they all go.
 I love my family, Elena, but they are an abomination. I betrayed nature when I created them. It's my duty to kill them.
 Good Evening, Ladies and Gentleman. Waiters are coming around with champagne. I invite you all to join me in raising a glass. It provides me with no greater joy then to see my family back together as one. I'd like to thank you all for being part of this spectacular evening. Cheers!
 No violence, that was all I asked. Rebekah and Kol disgraced our family tonight.
 Thank you, Elijah. I wish the others were more like you.
 Yes, the sage still burns.
 Of course not, it's just Elijah. He's so moral.
 You understand what this means, don't you? This spell I'm casting tonight will bind you all together as one.
 Then we must complete the link.
 
 The link is complete. You are one.
 Bennett witches. Thank you for coming. I can think of no better allies than the woman who sent Mikael into his long sleep and the girl who fought Niklaus so bravely.
 You are the descendants of the witch Ayana. She was a great mentor of mine and I think it's only fitting that I draw from her bloodline.
 I draw from the entirety of the Bennett bloodline, living and dead. The connection affords me great power, although it is somewhat difficult to maintain, which is why I require you, mother and daughter. The bloodline made manifest. Tonight, my sisters, we shall bring peace to the spirits of nature that we serve and for that I thank you.
 The pentagram represents our connection to magic. The salt is a symbol of the Earth.
 Five torches. One for each of my children.
 As the witch who cast the spell that made them vampires, I can also reverse it. When they become human again, they can be killed. As they are linked as one, my brave Finn will be the sacrifice. With his death, will come theirs.
 Something's wrong.
 No, it's too soon, the moon is not high enough. Go! Quickly!
 My sons, come forward.
 It's okay. They can't enter.
 Be quiet, Kol. Your brother knows virtue you cannot even imagine.
 My only regret is that I did not let you die a thousand years ago.
 For a thousand years, I've been forced to watch you. Felt the pain of every victim, suffered while you shed blood. Even you, Elijah, with your claim to nobility, you're no better. All of you. You're a curse on this Earth. Stretched out over generations. If you've come to plead for your life, I'm sorry, you've wasted your time.
 No! Sisters! Do not abandon me!
 Because I'm dying.
 She did. I'm drawing my power from the Bennett witch line. When Abby died the connection was severed. So my body has weakened.
 Is that what you think I've been doing on the other side? I've been looking over you for a thousand years. Of joy and heartbreak. Your fights with Klaus, the nights you cried yourself to sleep calling out my name. Not a day has gone by that I wasn't right there with you.
 Because it shouldn't have been a thousand years, Rebekah. No one should live that long.
 I'm sorry, Rebekah. I'm so, so sorry.
 Alaric didn't want to hand over the stake. 
 The last of the white oak stakes that can kill us. Do you want to do the honors or shall I?
 Well that's that then.
 Today?
 But tonight is the decade dance.
 So, I'm head of the committee, we have to go.
 Caroline will be there.
 Please, I have big plans for tonight. Just go for me.
 One last hoorah, Nik.
 Quite the cunning liar.
 Just as Niklaus would blindly accept an invitation from his beloved sister, unaware that he is heading to his own death.
 He burned it without hesitation.
 You'll get it when it can no longer be used against me in this body.
 How do I return to my true form? With a little magic and some help from a vampire hunter.
 Long ago on this spot my son tore my heart from my chest. The violence of my death marked this ground for all time.
 I'll need your ring.
 I will give you all the protection you need, however the stake will burn up in the body of its first victim. If you are to kill all of my children I will need to bind the protective magic in your ring to the stake, thus rendering the white oak indestructible.
 The ultimate weapon for the ultimate hunter.
 Elena!
 If you wish to help your friend Alaric, I suggest you come with me.
 I mean you no harm. But willingly or not you will come.
 You'll forgive me for taking you from the dance this evening. That's the burden of being the doppelgänger, I'm afraid. Your blood is a potent binding agent for a witch's spell.
 I'm going to remake him.
 Make him strong, fast, like my children. Indestructible. For one final time I'm going to tap into the dark magic I used a thousand years ago. Like my husband Mikael before him I will make Alaric into a true hunter, a vampire to end all vampires.
 He won't now that he has embraced his darkest aspect his hatred for them will become more pure and uncompromising. In death that hatred will be magnified.
 That is where you're wrong. Each time he died with that ring during his brief journey into death I was there on The Other Side. I spoke to him, I nurtured him knowing that every death brought him closer to his true self. Vampires took everything from him. Now he's getting his vengeance.
 When you are ready.
 That won't be necessary.
 Drink. And let it be done.
 Not just yet.
 He'll wake soon. When he does he may for a time be his old self. If so you can say your goodbyes before his transition is complete.
 Alaric will never be what my children became. I have granted him enough power to complete his task. Then when the time is right, he will die.
 All you need to know is that when this is over we will have rid the earth of vampires once and for all.
 Am I not? I desire a world where you and your loved ones will not suffer at the hands of vampires, like your Aunt Jenna did.
 You may draw comfort knowing that your aunt is not in the place that I was. She doesn't know the torment of The Other Side. Though made a vampire, she remained pure. She knows peace. Which is all any of us can hope for.
 How foolish of you, to risk your lives in defense of those who will kill you. But if that is your choice.
 Your sisters need you to finish what I started, Bonnie.
