 I'm working, honey. Who's the date you just tried to sneak past me?
 He's a little old for you, don't you think?
 Where's your dad?
 Good.
 Did you get the Gilbert watch?
 Good. We're going to need it.
 Five bodies all drained of blood? I'm certain.
 We went over the entire west side of the lake. All the caverns by the falls were clean, no signs of habitat.
 We canvassed all abandoned buildings and warehouses.
 And that much harder to locate, if not impossible. These creatures are smart. they know how to go undetected.
 What about the watch?
 I knew the Gilberts. That watch is passed down to the men in the family. I'd start with Jeremy.
 I didn't see you at the car wash.
 Honey, are you ok? Anything you want to talk about? Is it a boy thing?
 It tried to cover its tracks.
 I'm positive. You only burn a corpse to try to hide cause of death, and there are no shell casings.
 Doc'll have to check their dental records.
 Drug deal gone bad. It's not too big a stretch.
 Good.
 Vicki Donovan.
 I went to high school with her mother.
 I hope not.
 We're working on it, Mayor Lockwood.
 A few townies. Notorious druggies.
 She's not one of the deceased.
 I wish I knew.
 I got Stanley on the Moore street entrance. The rest of us will cover other access points. Call him or call me if that thing goes off. Don't use the radio. Cellphones only.
 You've got 8 rounds. Remember, wood bullets won't kill him, but it'll wound him enough for you to get close and stake him. You sure you can handle this?
 You ever staked a vampire before?
 Yeah.
 Headed your way.
 Oh god...The watch. Find the watch.
 Where did Vicki say she was going?
 Did she tell her brother where she was going?
 Is there anyone I can talk to that may know what happened to her prior to her leaving town?
 What was he doing there?
 So you got involved because Elena asked you to?
 What was her behavior like those last few days before she left?
 Any signs of aggression or violence?
 So you believe Vicki really has left town?
 Yeah. Send him in. 
 I understand from Mrs. Lockwood that your uncle is out the town.
 Vervain.
 It's a small circle...Founding families, a few city officials.
 I think our facts are wrong. We've always believed that vampires can only come out in the dark. What if that's changed?
 We've exhausted every other option. We have to consider the vampire may be walking around during the day. Right in front of us.
 We're now looking at anyone new to town, since the deaths began. Should turn up a suspect or two.
 Keep this contained.
 Hey, hey. Did you see what did this? 
 What happened is she okay?
 She's drunk?
 Are they serving you in there?
 I would appreciate that, Matt, thank you. 
 
 Look around let me know if you see anything.
 Thank you for the vervain; now if you'll excuse me.
 
 Yeah, apparently you didn't.
 Pretty handy with that stake.
 This nightmare is finally over.
 We're lucky. Well thank you again.
 I’m here to see Damon.
 Sorry to bother you, but we need to talk.
 Of course, kids are too young to be brought into this.
 There’s been another attack. A female victim, her throat torn out, completely drained of blood. It fits the pattern.
 I'm thinking she must have turned someone. Or multiple someones. I don’t know.
 The story for the town is another animal attack but I’m not sure how long we can keep lying to them. The council is in an uproar. We thought we were past this.
 You’re the only one who's ever taken on a vampire. We were hoping you could tell us.
 Let me know what you come up with.
 Nothing new to report yet. 
 For right now, there is nowhere safer than a crowded public place, and for once, Mayor, we actually know where our kids are.
 What are you doing?
 Broadcast journalism?
 You don’t even read the paper.
 
 I didn't have a choice.
 You knew what you were getting into.
 And now you're one of them.
 Get a backup team to the school immediately. Keep it within the circle. It’s a V5.
 Where are you?
 What do you want?
 Where is she?
 Yeah, I’ll be right there.
 I just wanted to say thank you. I don’t know how you did it.
 We found Logan’s body up by the old Fell warehouse. He has been disposed of. He was hoarding victims, innocent victims.
 This town owes you so much. So do I.
 Daytime drinking, huh?
 Listen, I need a favor.
 Excuse me?
 You forget I was married.
 There's a fundraiser here tonight that the Founder's Council is throwing. The town's most eligible bachelors get raffled off for dates, and, well, we're short a bachelor.
 Oh, trust me. At this point, I miss the vampires. Look, you're a hero to this town, Damon. I know most people don't know it, but you are, and you're single and a catch. Oh, come on, help me out. Carol Lockwood won't let me live it down if I come up empty-handed.
 
 You got it.
 I ran the check on the history teacher. You want this before or after your big debut?
 He checks out. Couple of speeding tickets. It's a rough story, though. Turns out his wife went missing a few years back in North Carolina.
 Yeah. Isobel.
 Hey, Matt.
 Is your mom home?
 The coroner's office has officially ruled Vicki Donovan's death a drug overdose. Her family has been notified, the truth will stay in this room and we can put this behind us.
 Elena's uncle. His name is John but I call him Jackass.
 Thank you Damon. Cheers! I needed that. You know I had my doubts about you at first but like everyone else on the council you've won me over.
 Well, you're not gonna like what I have to tell you. Johnathan Gilbert's claims check out. Blood bank, the missing people, all of it's true. We might have a problem.
 It was an overdose, Jeremy.
 We're aware of that. The investigation is ongoing but there's nothing more I can tell you at this time. I'm sorry.
 There was a disturbance at the hospital blood bank last night; some of the supply was compromised.
 We almost missed it. The inventory records were altered but when the night manager was questioned he had no recollection of changing them.
 We wouldn't have noticed had John not alerted us to recent discrepancies in other hospital blood banks in the county.
 We're stepping up security at the hospital, giving the guard vervain to prevent this from happening again.
 Truthfully I can use the extra hands. Is that something you would be willing to do?
 Get me Damon Salvatore.
 She doesn't remember what happened.
 It looks like it yeah. Why don't you girls get back to the party? Damon and I can take it from here.
 They didn't see the bite mark?
 You want to use our town as bait? It's too dangerous, it's insane!
 You've gone behind my back?
 Our children are here.
 I'm the Sheriff, it's my call and I say no.
 John, you're not thinking clearly, I'm not gonna change my mind about this.
 There's a key in my belt...
 There's a key in my belt, I need you to get it.
 Who took him?
 Let's go!
 There was some internal bleeding; they're taking her into surgery.
 They're gonna do everything they can.
 Tyler, have you talked to your mom?
 You need to call her.
 ...It's your dad.
 She's in surgery, it's...they're doing everything they can. I need your help Damon.
 Mayor Lockwood is dead. They thought he was a vampire. They put him in the basement.
 No, no. A mistake was made, they said he dropped like the others when John's device went off but he...he couldn't have been a vampire, I've known the man my whole life and now Carol Lockwood is gonna want answers and all I can think of right now is Caroline and...(She begins to cry.)
 I'm looking into it but you have to be straight with me. Is there any reason Richard was affected by the vampire device?
 Your husband is the one who helped John Gilbert execute his idiot plan in the first place.
 It's the mayor's younger brother, Mason Lockwood.
 He's nothing like John. For one, he's not an ass. He's not a believer either. He wants nothing to do with the council. He's too preoccupied finding the perfect wave.
 The Historical Society Volunteer Picnic is today. You're the one who signed me up.
 No. I'm gonna spend the whole day with my daughter.
 I'll bring my gun if it gets rough. Come on, give me one day. I've been buried in work mode, I've barely seen you.
 Goody for me. What was Elena doing here so late last night?
 Is everything okay with you?
 It's just lately you seem different.
 I know you think I don't notice these things but I do. What's going on with you?
 Oh thanks Mason.
 I'm out of uniform. Let's go with Liz.
 I don't know what you're talking about.
 If that were true then you'd know it's a secret and isn't discussed with non-council members.
 Really?
 Who would they be?
 That's impossible. I know Damon Salvatore. Do you know what he's done for this town?
 No. I watched him kill vampires. He's an ally; he's part of the Council.
 They walk in the sun, Mason.
 No. Damon Salvatore is my friend.
 Oh, I ah, I just asked him to help with the cleanup in the woods.
 Oh no. You know, he's...I'm sure he's fine.
 It's Caroline. We had a moment.
 No, Damon. Thank you. It's just horrible parental skills paying off in spades. (She walks off.)
 Look, I can't talk here. Just get Jess and meet me down the hill at the entrance. And bring a...yes we need it.
 Nothing. I just have something...
 It's important.
 I'm sorry.
 Thank you, Mason.
 Careful. The wooden bullets and vervain won't keep them down for long. What is this place?
 Thank you, Mason. I appreciate all you've done. We got it from here.
 Yes. That's why you should go. Here it's the Council, not the law. You can't be a party to this. It's for your own protection.
 Yes but I do, and I'm not asking. Goodbye Mason.
 This is how it's gonna work. Answer me and you don't get shot, understand? How many of you are there?
 How did you fool us? How do you walk in the sun?
 I will drag this out painfully.
 Our friendship was a lie. Answer me and I'll kill you fast.
 Let's do this. Each with a stake in the heart, then burn them both.
 Check it out.
 Elena! What are you doing?
 Who else is with you?
 Then kill me.
 I can't take this. Kill me now.
 A stomach bug. Yeah, it came on fast. I'll definitely be out tomorrow...
 ...or longer. I'll text you. Yeah. Good night.
 Can you keep Caroline far away from me please? I don't wanna see her.
 Not anymore. My daughter's gone.
 Yes. So please, go.
 Are you...Are you really dead?
 How is it possible?
 So, you steal the blood from the hospital?
 And as long as you have blood, you don't need to kill?
 I don't want this for you.
 You could hear that?
 It's just that you've become this person...
 This strong, this confident person.
 You don't have to take my memories away. I'll keep your secret. Look, if you're worried about them, just say you compelled me. I won't tell. I cannot do anything to hurt you.
 Me too.
 I'm going to forget that you're a vampire.
 Jules, right?
 No one's heard from him. I've opened an investigation. As soon as I hear anything I'll let you know.
 Thanks for coming so quickly.
 A vampire. Luckily one of my deputies discovered the body before anyone else saw him.
 I take the east side of the school, you go west?
 How did you find her?
 Thank you Damon. Once again, you've helped keep this town safe.
 The marshal hasn't been able to figure out what caused the fire at the scene, but he did find blood. No body, just blood.
 I'm starting to assume the answer to that is always a yes.
 Yeah, I got it. I got it.
 You know what? Let's all back off. He just needs some air. Everything's fine.
 He's dead.
 Yeah. It's a false alarm at the Lockwood's. Okay. Good. Thanks.
 Matt, what's wrong?
 What?
 Matt, you need to calm down. You're upset. You don't know...
 Matt, you need to calm down now.
 Thank you, Matt. I know this isn't easy, but...I'm glad you told me what happened last night. I want you to tell me everything she said.
 Oh, she did.
 Caroline left early for school.
 You can't let on that you know.
 Take her to the dance.
 Damn it, Matt, just do it. She's my daughter. She's my baby. I just, I need some time.
 Look, if what Caroline told you is true, she's not the only one. The Salvatores are vampires. The Gilbert family is in on it. Tyler Lockwood is God knows what.
 There's no one in this town I can trust. I just need to take a beat and figure out what to do.
 Yes, you will. As far as she knows, you don't remember anything. Buy me some time. Please, Matt.
 Jackie O?
 You look good.
 Uhh, just some work stress.
 Have fun.
 Does she suspect anything?
 She's not the same. She's a vampire.
 Look, I know this is hard to understand, but my family, we were raised with this. They're monsters, Matt. They have no soul, no humanity.
 It's an act. I believed Damon Salvatore was my closest ally in this town. Instead, he's a killer. They killed your sister. What other proof do you need?
 Because I need more information. And because, in spite of everything I just said, I still look at her and I...I see my daughter.
 I shouldn't have involved you, Matt. Thank you for all of your help, but I'll take it from here.
 Carol. Hi. How you feeling?
 That was a terrible fall. Shouldn't you be home resting?
 Well, there have been some developments, but I'm handling it.
 I said I'm handling it.
 Don't make a sound.
 Where's Damon?
 I just wanna talk to him.
 Why do you even care? You know what they are, what they do.
 They're murderers, Elena. End of story.
 Keep her here.
 Oh, God. Oh, God.
 I've got a gunshot victim at The Grill. Get the paramedics here.
 You're gonna be fine. It's gonna be okay.
 I was aiming for Damon.
 What are you doing?
 No, no, no, no. You can't move him. This is a crime scene.
 I thought I killed him.
 I don't understand.
 Caroline! It's mom. Just coming up for air after a few all-nighters at the station. I thought we'd have lunch and you could remind me I promised not to work so hard.
 Hello Bill.
 That's our daughter in there. She looks up to you. She loves you.
 Tyler.
 Go ahead.
 Honey, your dad...all our families, we have beliefs that have been passed on through generations. And we were taught never to stray from them.
 You taught me to look at things in a different way.
 He did. He will again.
 Yes. I've been keeping him detained to make sure the vervain's out of his system. So you could, you know...
 No, Damon! He's Caroline's father.
 Yeah, well, just 'cause you and I are on OK terms doesn't mean that I'm suddenly a big advocate for your "lifestyle."
 Double check him for vervain before you compel him.
 It's the best thing for all of us, Bill.
 Just erase his memory, Damon.
 Damon? Sorry. Uh, the mayor just called for the council meeting.
 There have no been no incidence of question since spring. It's been quiet.
 I understand where you're coming from, but...
 The mayor is looking out for Tyler. For now, we have to assume Klaus has her in his pocket.
 I'm not gonna let him hold this town hostage. But, I'm also not gonna let innocent people get caught in the cross-fire in a pissing contest between a hybrid and a vampire.
 I'm not kidding, Damon. Get Stefan to stand down from this one before someone gets hurt.
 What happened?
 Oh my god, sweetheart. 
 
 It's alright, sweetheart.
 I know how this game works. You want something in return.
 
 A hiker called it in. My guys got here first.
 That's what I thought at first.
 Brian Walters, the medical examiner.
 I know. This was a murder.
 This is an unconventional conversation we're about to have. So I hope you'll protect me on it.
 I assume you both heard our medical examiner was murdered the night of the Wickery Bridge fundraiser.
 We've been investigating. Someone drove this stake through his heart.
 That's why I'm here. I haven't told anyone but forensics ran it for prints and found only one clean set.
 Yours.
 I looked into it, Elena. Meredith Fell was called into surgery six hours ago. She's been in there ever since.
 Iron-tight in an operating room full of witnesses.
 I don't know. But the attack on Alaric makes this the third member of the Founders' Council and we just cleared our only suspect.
 The mystery is not going to get solved any faster with you yelling at me, Carol.
 No, it's my duty to make sure I don't accuse an innocent person of being a serial killer.
 No, I'm detaining him. The cell is for his own good. You were shot; Dr. Fell used vampire blood to heal you.
 Because you came at her with a knife!
 Well, Dr. Fell suggested his wounds could have been self-inflicting.
 Look, I think I don't know what to think. I've got nothing, except murder weapons from your stash and a respected member of a founding family pointing a very long finger.
 Well, that may be so, but I don't have any proof of that.
 No, just stay out of this, Damon. You getting involved is only going to make matters worse.
 Don't make me put you in that cell with him!
 Look, both the medical examiner and my ex-husband got into altercations with Meredith Fell before their deaths. Now, she said you were a witness to her fight with Brian Walters.
 She said she also told you that Bill threatened to report her to the medical board for giving him vampire blood.
 A two a.m. call the night he was killed? I pulled your records, you spoke with her for over an hour.
 Well, do you have an alibi for the night Brian Walters was killed?
 Time of death was between one and three am.
 What were you thinking?
 No right? You broke the law.
 You mean this?
 A letter from the county coroner's office correcting the error in the time of death of Brian Walters. Meredith Fell received it today. She brought it to me several hours ago, full of apologies for accusing an innocent man.
 I can't ask those questions, Matt, because the very fact that you broke into her home to find it. Do you know how much I'm already protecting both of you?
 Just...get out of my office and go home. Please. Alaric will be released as soon as the letter is authenticated. Go.
 Carol, what's so urgent that you called an emergency council meeting at this hour?
 What do you think you're doing?
 That's enough. We're done here. It's time to go.
 He's got them looking for Klaus and then they're gonna come looking for you. You can't be here when they do.
 You both need to get out of town.
 We can't protect you anymore.
 What are you talking about?
 What's going on?
 You have no idea what you're up against.
 Caroline, where are you? And tell me it's far away.
 Caroline, what's going?!
 I can't. The Council locked Carol and me out of our offices. Files, computers, everything.
 No. Just that she was in some van in the middle of nowhere and she managed to escape.
 Let him go, Damon! Now!
 With your vervain and Alaric's weapons; they could be anywhere.
 Better than 'Town Council blown up. Police have no suspects.' Unless the perpetrator is right next to me.
 The explosion was sparked from inside. This wasn't an accident.
 I've known some of the Council since I was a kid. They were my friends.
 I'm sorry, Mr..?
 Are you with the insurance investigators?
 Sure.
 Carol Lockwood always said that togetherness in times of tragedy leads to healing, that one community is stronger than a thousand of its members. But how does a community stay strong after losing its leader? And Carol was so much more than a leader; she was an open-minded friend and a concerned mother, taken from us too soon by a terrible accident.
 Please join me in observing a minute silence in her memory.
 Thank you so much. In the wake of this tragedy, the town has selected an interim mayor. Many of you may already know him. Please welcome Mr. Rudy Hopkins.
 So, first speech under your belt. Now for the fun part. Welcome to the world of careful cover-ups. 
 We have ideas.
 You sure you want this? I mean, six people were offered this job before you. They all said no for a reason.
 I'll let you know what we find.
 Bonnie, I'm gonna need you to go.
 We need to ask you a few questions.
 Then, I guess we better get you to Mystic Falls ASAP.
 That's something you should ask your dad.
 It's Mystic Falls. It's actually one of the least ridiculous things I've heard.
 Bonnie, now is not the time.
 The entire supply of blood from the hospital, all the reserves, gone, just vanished.
 No, I'm not accusing you, but this town is at a tipping point. Any more unexplained house fires, and things are gonna boil over. 
 Good. You need to. Whoever stole that blood put a lot of lives in danger and risks exposing all of you, my daughter included. 
 Elena. What's going on in here?
 Where's Stefan?
 I'm shutting this down right now.
 Elena, take your hand off me.
 I'm fine.
 
 I know, I promised I wouldn't work too late-
 What?
 What  what's going on?
 Caroline, what's going on?
 What's wrong?
 Okay, Caroline...it's me, it's your mother. I don't know what's happening, but everything's gonna be okay, all right? You just need to talk to me.
 
 Caroline?
 Hey guys, thanks for coming.
 Well, the hospital has kept the blood banks empty ever since they were raided last month. We thought at the very least it would help keep the vampire population away.
 See for yourself.
 There are four other victims in this wing, each one almost completely drained of blood. You think it's Silas?
 But 5 victims? That's a lot of blood, and it's not like he can take it with him.
 Big? Any details would be helpful, considering I'm dealing with 5 grieving families out there and a psychic killer on the loose.
 I have no idea what that means.
 And when do you suppose Silas plans on doing this?
 The power outages originated at 3 different places in town  the Young farm, the Lockwood estate, and a blown transformer off Old Miller Road.
 And there's something else  one of the power company guys has a daughter who goes to school with Bonnie. He saw her leaving the Young farm an hour ago...with Elena.
 So how do we find them?
 Hello – mom ears, still here.
 Okay, that's the last one. All right, give me a goodbye hug before I change my mind and drag you home with me.
 
 
 This is where your dad fell in love with medicine, you know? He would be really proud to see you here.
 I'm going, I'm going! I love you. Bye, girls.
 Hey, look who's back.
 Yeah...I just dropped the girls off at Whitmore.
 Join me as I drown my sorrow in comfort food.
 
 What's happening?
 Silas.
 Are you...appearing to me as Stefan?
 What's with the knife? Most vampires go straight for the neck.
 Call your friends, Stefan. Let 'em know you're okay?
 Damon, I know I said I'd help you find your brother, but I can't dredge this entire quarry. It's enormous.
 Damon, I already agreed to hold off on telling anyone about the Mayor's death until you figured this all out, but I can't devote those kinds of resources to finding one person who may or may not be down there.
 I'll get some deputies on it.
 
 We didn't find anything in the quarry, but a deputy found this a few miles away. Didn't open it. If Stefan's been in there for three months...chances are he's hungry.
 Put the pillow down, Damon.
 If you kill her, it's murder. I'd have to bring you in, lock you up...there's all that paperwork...
 Look at how much control she still has over you, Damon. Prove her wrong.
 Here are the sedatives from the hospital. it should help with the pain.
 Okay. Suit yourself. They're right here if you want them.
 Traveler knife?
 Who you talking to?
 You mentioned a Traveler knife.
 Hey, Tyler. Staying out of trouble?
 I certainly do, and hybrids are not above the law, so do me a favor. Keep the day drinking at the grill on the D.L., please. It's bad for business.
 Anyway, I'm running late.
 Send her my best, ok?
 What happened?
 Worse actually, because you'll still be alive when I call your parents.
 Pack it up and strike it down.
 Matt. What's going on here?
 Matt, get her to the hospital now.
 Hey-hey-hey-hey.
 We'll get a statement as soon as she's been treated.
 All due respect, Tripp, you run a volunteer community program. I'm the sheriff. Let me do my job. Go!
 Actually, honey, this can't wait. Do you have any idea where Tripp Cook might be?
 Because one of his men just ran me off the road, and they're gonna kill me if they don't get him back.
 I'm fine.
 Sweetheart, it's ok. Stefan, let Tripp go.
 This is totally unnecessary.
 Sweetheart, could you at least just check and see how long the wait is gonna be?
 Ok.
 I see she's still icing you out.
 Sorry, Stefan. I'm her mother. I'm not allowed.
 Ok.
 Confirm three fatalities. Grayson, Miranda... and Elena Gilbert.
