 Mother of...!
 Dorian, uh... We need to find a better signal.
 So? Did you spill any secrets?
 
 May I?
 So, my cousin had this thing where she lost her hearing and eyesight real young, but she became brilliant at finding her way around because all her other senses were so heightened. Which got me thinking  come this way.
 There we go.
 Go ahead. Find your way out.
 Yes!
 Your sense of touch has to be completely isolated. Bananas, right?
 Unless you're, like... claustrophobic or something?
 What was that back there? I've never seen an archaeologist afraid to explore a tunnel.
 Come on, you're practically Indiana Jones.
 Whoa.
 Dorian's bringing more work lights.
 Yeah. Just like in the pyramids.
 Oh, boy. Except for that guy... whoever he was.
 Your geek brain makes you super hot, you know that?
 Dad-you.
 Well, that's a shame. I had to try. Sexy dark tunnel, magical room, et cetera.
 So are you ready for us to blow your mind?
 Except for that guy.
 Where's Harvey?
 How many people does it really take to pull studies on Greek mythology from the Library of Congress?
 So... you're really gonna publish a paper on sirens? Come on. And why the giant rush?
 Well, then why are you still playing around in here instead of researching like the rest of us?
 "Her voice." So your theory is that Harvey was hearing an actual siren? Like, a supernatural creature?
 I did a little clean-up on it. Now you can read the top corners.
 See? I'm totally helping.
 That's so many things. We could be here literally all night. (she smiles at the possibilities.)
 Expecting an important phone call?
 Oh? And how often does hot nanny text you?
 I wouldn't sweat it. I'm sure hot nanny's got you covered.
 Oh, I know, you're her boss so you don't notice how hot she is? That old song?
 Not really sure why this archive deserved your fit of geek excitement.
 Admit it... my mad restoration skills have made me indispensable.
 But not weirder than the vault that housed a supernatural creature. Perhaps a siren?
 I can't deal with this right now.
 I'm a little better at hiding things than that.
 Okay. I'm gonna show you something.
 Relax. Does this count as being serious about my research?
 Depends. Do you believe in hell?
 I saw it when I was dead.
 A couple years ago, I was driving my best friend home from a party. And I was... texting some guy I'd met, 'cause I was a little drunk. Because I was more than a little drunk. And I... didn't notice when I drove across the yellow line. And I don't remember the crash at all. What I do remember is waking up somewhere else. And it wasn't a place, exactly, so much as this... crazy intense awareness of pain and loneliness and fear. And, in that moment, I knew I'd killed my best friend. So I'm trapped in this... terrifying, icy feeling of self-hatred. And somehow I knew that was gonna last forever. As in an eternity. Now, in the middle of all that, the one thing I could see was this symbol. I can't explain it. It was just there. After that, the EMTs jump-started my heart. I guess I flatlined for about a minute. They'd already given up trying to save my friend.
 Silver lining. That one-year gap in my résumé, it was my vehicular manslaughter sentence. Came with library access, so I used all that time to get into every piece of myth, lore, near-death accounts. I basically gave myself a PhD in hell. 'Cause I know where I'm going one day. Bet you wish I was in D.C. with the other interns, huh?
 You don't... think I'm crazy?
 Hey, man. You owe me and not just for the take-out dinner I had to buy on my paltry stipend.
 Uh, yeah, a certain missing artifact from Midsummer's Day, 1790. And my swagger is just hiding how completely terrified I am.
 This thing... it was delivered with your vault inhabitant?
 I think it was made in hell.
 I've seen that symbol before. I saw it when I was dead. This thing that was delivered with your vault inhabitant? I think it was made in Hell.
 Yeah, he's fine with it.
 There's nothing in the historical records about a weapon like this.
 But I have a theory. Okay. So... assuming that the symbol etched into it has a connection to hell, what's the first thing you think of when you think of hell? The devil, right? And what's the most common visual representation of the devil?
 Ding-ding-ding. Okay, in the medieval tradition, the pitchfork symbolized the separation of the wheat from the chaff. Which was obviously a metaphor for good souls going to heaven and garbage souls going to the big fiery basement.
 Not in 2200 B.C. when it was forged. The soil around the Mediterranean was rocky. So their pitchforks only had two.
 We? Why would we use it? Like this is real? As in some sort of magical weapon?
 Worse. Tenure, okay? Now, keep digging.
 Oh, my God. Are they okay? Did they cut themselves? I'm so sorry I left that out.
 Yeah? There a giant piano out of tune somewhere? You know, Ric, I could actually help you a lot better with your "book," or whatever that's code for, if you just told me what's really going on.
 This thing, it was delivered with your vault inhabitant. I think it was made in Hell. It's a tuning fork.
 Oh, hey.
 Well, I heard there was a coffee shortage and came running.
 Major project? Sounds sketchy. Got a girl tied up in the basement?
 Jokes. Okay, I'll leave you to it.
 Oh, crap. Oh, yes.
 Oh... the nanny.
 I got to get into Alaric's bed somehow. Uh, okay, the boss man just asked me to bring this journal back to the Armory, and like a dumbass, I didn't think to ask him for the keys. I just figured I'd save myself an embarrassing call.
 Maybe you should stick to naps and snacks.
 I really wouldn't do that if I were you.
 I'm here. Sorry.
 Alaric is trapped. Why did you make me do that?
 I tried. I tried to free the girl in the cell, just like you asked.
 And, um, she told me to tell you... to piss off. She doesn't need your help.
 What...? What are you doing?
 What's happening to me?!
 No! No!
 I'm here. Sorry.
 Why did you make me do that?
