 I know, dear.
 No, the girls that were persecuted in Salem were entirely innocent. You have to have more than ignorance to trap a real witch.
 Our family fled Salem in 1692 and relocated here. Our ancestors lived in secrecy for over a hundred years. It's important that we still do.
 They also know it's absurd, can't be true. I'm just a kooky lady that teaches occult at the university. No ones really believes. They just poke fun. And let 'em. Don't let 'em know the truth.
 It's not meant to be fun. It's real and it's serious, and you must understand it before you practice it. Aren't you late for school?
 What happened to you?
 Where'd you get that?
 That piece of junk belonged to one of the most powerful witches of our family. Let me show you. There she is. Emily Bennett. Your great-great-great-great-grandmother. And there's your necklace.
 You leavin'?
 Because he misses you or because he doesn't trust me. Your father's problem is he lacks imagination. He thinks I fill your head with my witchy juju.
 He's always right, that's his other problem. 
 Yes, it does. It was your ancestor's and now it's yours.
 Because it didn't find me, it found you, protected you. A witch's talisman is a powerful tool, don't be givin' that back to anybody.
 And hello to you, too. What's the matter?
 Hang on, now. Just calm down. Tell me what happened.
 We keeping secrets now?
 Well, first of all, there's nothing in any of these that's gonna help you. If you're blocked, it's in here. 
 Whatever's got you so scared.
 Can I help you?
 She was. Not anymore.
 No. But you do.
 I told her to face down her fear. And I'm sensing now that you know exactly why she was scared. You know what I am. And yet you offered me your hand, which means you wanted me to see that I can trust you.
 I trust you'll keep her safe. You'd better be on your way, then. I'm not going to invite you in. I'm sure you understand why.
 Well, now, look who's returned from battle. Can I talk to your friend for a minute?
 I appreciate your help, Stefan.
 
 I was barely a teenager!
 Hmm. 
 Until the cops showed up. 
 Bonnie knows, doesn't she?
 Please understand, our loyalty can only extend so far. This town won't be easy on any of us if they figure it out. And I'll protect my own before anybody else.
 As long as we're clear. Goodnight, then.
 Yes?
 She's not here.
 Never.
 You got some nerve knocking on a Bennett witch's door and asking her for anything.
 Spirits talk, Mr. Salvatore, and so does my granddaughter. You are no friend to us. Now get off my porch.
 I am not Bonnie. You don't wanna mess with me.
 Many things can fuel a witches power. Worry. Anger. After Stefan told me they had taken you, I had a lot of both. Simple locater spell was easy after that.
 
 A prisoner, in my own home? I don't think so.
 We'll protect ourselves.
 Witches being pulled down by vampire problems. As much as we tried to do to stay out of it. I'll open the tomb. You get your brother's girl and destroy the rest with fire. Then this will be all over.
 Are you sure that Damon will come back with her?
 Air. Earth. Fire.
 As opposed to what?
 Of course it worked.
 Don't take her in. I'll bring the walls down.
 As much as I trust you.
 Bonnie...
 Because she isn't coming out, baby. None of them are.
 Stefan! If you go in there, you won't come out.
 Opening the door didn't remove the seal, it just opened the door.
 Some seals keep vampires from entering. This one keeps them from coming out.
 I told you. I will protect my own. Elena can get out. That's all that matters.
 He made his choice!
 We are not strong enough. Even if we were able to bring the seal down, there's no guarantee that we could get it back up again.
 Even if we're able to break through the seal, we won't be able to hold it for long.
 Bonnie, keep going! 
 Yes, you can.
 Oh, I'm fine. You don't need to coddle me, baby.
 I'll be fine.
 Now stop your crying, we don't have time for tears.
 Nice to see you again, Caroline.
 A fine mess you've made, honey. The witches told you there'd be consequences to bringing Jeremy back and you did it anyway.
 I understand. But you cracked open the door to the other side. There's an old witch over here. She took advantage of it. She took advantage of you, honey. When you did that spell to send Vicki Donovan away, she wedged the door wide open, giving a free pass to anybody with unfinished business.
 Witches talk. Even on the other side. Who do you think makes all the rules?
 That's Original vampire business, not yours. I don't want you getting in the middle of that. I'm here because you upset the balance of nature. And it's your duty to set it right. You need to close that door.
 You are stronger than all of this. I'm so proud of you.
 No!
 You can't be in here. You stay away from this sort of darkness.
 She is not your problem to solve. Now, go! Before they try to keep you here.
 This magic is dark, Bonnie. It is not nature's plan. Touch it again and the spirits will unleash their anger in ways that will make you suffer. Stay away. Go!
 I warned you, child. I warned you to stay away.
 I can't.
 You made your choice. Now they're taking it out on me!
 Hello, Bonnie.
 This place allows the living to talk to the dead.
 It's okay. You're here now. And you are this close to bringing me back to life for good.
 Silas can do it. All you have to do is reach him and feed him, and everything will go back to the way it was.
 Bonnie.
 This isn't real, Bonnie. Feel the air in your lungs. Break through 
 Would Silas try to save your life? Now breathe, child.
 There.
 I know. But I'm okay. 
 You can still stop Silas.
 You can do that. Expression is the manifestation of your will. You could do anything. I don't like it, but sometimes there are no choices. But you are strong enough. You can do this.
 You have to put up the veil.
 What are you doing, Bonnie?
 No, you can't!
 It was the will of Nature. There is no magic in this world that is strong enough to challenge it.
 Stop it!
 Stop it, Bonnie!
 Bonnie, don't.
 I'm sorry, Bonnie. The spell. It was just too much.
 Go. I'll make sure no one finds your body. But Bonnie–
 I know, child. I was just going to say that...Make sure you say your goodbyes.
 I heard the Travelers did a number on you last night.
 Something's wrong over here, Bonnie. Some of the witches think that the Travelers tried to overwhelm you so that someone could get through.
 Whoever it is, he's hiding from us, and now this place is 
 I don't know, but whatever the Travelers did and whoever managed to get through, it's got the witches scared.
 Please tell me more about this special spell that your friend Liv has concocted.
 He deserves the truth, Bonnie. It's not getting any better over here. People are getting swept away, and when this place goes, you are going with it.
 That's what I'm trying to tell you. This place is falling apart. Tell him soon. False hope doesn't protect him. It protects you.
 Hey, sweetie.
 You ok, child? You look like you've seen a ghost.
 This should help quiet your mind. Now, what's all the fuss about?
 Magic, huh. You know what I say - always comes with a price. Now, who exactly you looking for?
 Name doesn't ring a bell. Is he related to Stefan?
 Well then, forget about it. I do not get involved in vampire business and I suggest the same for you.
 Bonnie Bennett, are you trying to kill me?
 Now that's cheating. You know your happiness means everything to me. But rules are rules, I'm going to need something that belongs to Damon if you want me to find him.
 Have you gone soft in the head, child? This is my house.
 C'mon. Concentrate with me.
