 So, this is where you've been hiding, huh?
 Hey, Lockwolf!
 Ass! I thought Klaus killed you.
 From your trailer park in Florida? You liar!
 You're totally loaded!
 I chained you up all over the Appalachians. I talked you through every turn. I helped you break the sire bond. You could have told me your real story.
 I know. One of his hybrids is with a pack I ran with. He called me and told me that he was coming to protect a guy named Tyler, and I thought, tsk, what are the chances?
 Well, the least you could do is pour me some fancy, rich people scotch.
 And I take it from your accent you're an old one. Klaus.
 
 Who the hell are you?
 Oh, you're Tyler's girl. He told me about you. I'm Hayley.
 I've been staying here a few days.
 I needed a place to crash, Ty's a buddy, he was kind enough to offer.
 Yeah, I don't do teen drama. Take it up with Ty. Excuse me.
 Dean, you don't need to do this.
 It's too dangerous. That maniac already killed Nate.
 That's it? You just back down?
 I can't believe Dean's gone. We could have saved him.
 I'll let you two talk.
 Don't be mad. We're celebrating our fallen hybrid friend.
 Well, maybe if you had let Dean use force on Connor instead of sending him in on a suicide mission.
 Hell, I bought it.
 Call me when you're safe, okay?
 No one has to die!
 Tyler's covering for me. I'm the one that let her go.
 
 No!
 What the hell is going on?
 Scream. Let it out. We're at an abandoned farm. No one can hear you for miles.
 No, but I watched a bunch of your hybrid friends go through it.
 That's what the sire bond is. You're grateful to Klaus because he released you from the pain of having to turn every full moon. So, you're gonna keep turning until it doesn't hurt and you'll have nothing to be grateful for.
 I don't hear bones cracking.
 So, does that mean we're going?
 Oh, come on!
 We need to hide what's going on here by pretending that I was the one that broke you two up. And besides, isn't it at your house?
 I can't believe that I won.
 I just want to thank the judges for seeing past the fact that I'm a raging bitch.
 I have claws.
 Your mom parties harder than you do. Does she have the gene?
 Never met them. My adopted parents found out about my wolf gene when I did. The night that I turned and tore apart their living room, they promptly kicked me out.
 You mean who I killed?
 Boating accident. We were drunk, I thought I wasn't.
 That professor guy is like, thirty, and he's hot and smart.
 No, I just met him. Why?
 What's he saying?
 We got another one.
 I want to leave Tyler out of this when it all goes down.
 Kim, stop. He needs to finish.
 Yes, today. Nate, Dean, and Chris are all dead, which makes Adrian Klaus' right hand. We can't let Adrian anywhere near Klaus until his sire bond is completely broken.
 Having trouble breaking Adrian.
 We have eleven. I told you, Tyler Lockwood isn't part of the deal.
 You haven't held up you end of the bargain.
 They are gonna get us both killed and we are just sitting here.
 Yes they do, Ty. You can make them. Hybrids are werewolves first. Wolves run in packs and every pack needs an Alpha or they end up challenging each other for dominance. Kim is challenging your position as Alpha. You need to put her in her place. Now.
 Adrian finished breaking the sire bond. You have your twelve hybrids. Now, where are my parents?
 You lied to me?
 You just picked a fight with a werewolf. You know that, right?
 What?
 Never say never and never say I don't pull through. I found the witch that's gonna save your lives.
 What? Who?
 It's too late to change the plan.
 Tyler!
 I gathered. Congratulations.
 My pleasure.
 There is no witch, Tyler.
 I made it up.
 I never intended for you to put Klaus down. I needed him for the sacrifice.
 I don't know how to explain it, but I made a deal with someone who can help me find my family.
 There needed to be twelve for the sacrifice, Tyler.
 I'm sorry.
 If you run now, you might make it out alive.
 
 What if there are more?
 
 Most men get their power kick from torture and intimidation. With you, it's drinks and fine dining.
 You seriously think I know?
 I was in New Orleans trying to find information about my real parents. Katherine found me and told me she could help.
 
 
 Hmm...I don't care. 
 
 So this is your thing  show a girl a few mediocre paintings, whine about your childhood, and I swoon and spill all my dirty secrets?
 
 
 I don't know. He might've left Caroline for me if I'd used the cure to kill you.
 
 Maybe I know one or two. Maybe I'll even tell you.
 
 Well, then, I guess I'll never get my chance with Tyler any more than you'll get a shot with Caroline.
 Do you wanna know why I like that painting?
 
 You like to be in control. You tell me.
 What?
 Yeah. It's a birthmark. People have those.
 Don't lie to me  not about this.
 Tell me.
 I'm obsessed with the gumbo, Jane-Anne.
 I asked around the Quarter about my family.....
 Nothing. Zero. I can't find a single person who remembers them.
 What do you mean, people like me?
 What the...?
 Are you kidding me?
 Hey, I'm looking for a tow service?
 Klaus. You need to listen to them.
 I know it's impossible...
 Hey, I've spent days held captive in a freaking alligator bayou because they think that I'm carrying some magical miracle baby. Don't you think I would've fessed up if it wasn't yours?
 Wait, what?
