 I said I'll be here before noon.
 Hey!
 I had some business in town; I thought that a visit was in order.
 I don't know yet.
 So what's up with Jeremy?
 Can you at least pretend that you're happy to see me?
 Do you really think that I was just gonna sign the escrow papers and send them back?
 I'm not going to let you sell my brother's office.
 Yeah but they're minors, so I get the final say, being that I'm the estate's trustee.
 Hello everyone, it's wonderful to see you, I wish it were under better circumstances. As a founding family member I find it's my duty to report some very distressing news.
 A hospital blood bank in the neighboring county of Amherst has reported several break ins over the past two weeks. 7 hunters, 4 campers and 2 states employees have been reported missing as well. All of this within a 75-mile radius of Mystic Falls.
 You think all of your problems are over but I'm here to tell you, nothing's been solved.
 Sure you do its tradition.
 The Gilberts have been a part of this town for a hundred and fifty years. We're one of the founding families and with that distinction comes certain obligations including going to the party. One day, when you can appreciate the significance, I'll tell you all about your heritage.
 We used to sleep together.
 Damon, right?
 We didn't get the chance to meet at the council meeting.
 Oh yeah. I forgot how much fun these small town celebrations can be.
 Hasn't been that long, my brother's funeral. How long have you been in town?
 So what do you think Damon? You know this vampire problem is real, right? It's a potential blood bath.
 Oh, I think it's like 1864 all over again, vampires running amok. I guess we're just gonna have to hunt them down, throw them in a church and burn them to ash.
 Part of the story, yeah.
 Oh, there's a lot more. See, it seems there was a tomb under the church, where vampires were hidden, waiting for someone to come along and set them free. But then you already knew that didn't you?
 I mean, you're the one that did it.
 I just thought we get the introductions out of the way.
 Yeah.
 Why don't you take a bite to find out?
 One hundred and fifty years of community, prosperity, family. We take care of each other, we look after each other, protect each other It's good to be home.
 I've never liked to be the last one to leave a party. It's too desperate. You're going to kill me again or you're gonna let Mr. Saltzman do your dirty work?
 I do. Alaric Saltzman, a high school history teacher with a secret.
 More than you can imagine, Damon. My knowledge of this town goes beyond anything that you or the council knows. So, if you're planning on some clever high speed snatch ring vamp kill move, know that if I die, everything I know goes to the council including the fascinating little tale of the originals Salvatore brothers and their present day return to Mystic Falls.
 I had inherited one, my brother Gray had the other. This was his and I wouldn't have given mine to Isobel if I had known she'd hand it over to another guy.
 Who do you think send her your way when she wanted to become a vampire?
 Guilty. Why, did you think someone else send her? Maybe Katherine Pierce?
 How do I know anything Damon?
 So many questions. It was a pleasure meeting you, Ric. I've heard so much about you.
 Meaning that the vampire who stole the blood used mind control to hide the theft.
 Sheriff, may I offer a suggestion? Why don't Damon and I put our heads together? We can track down whoever is doing this.
 I think we could make a good team, don't you think Damon?
 Hey partner!
 You haven't return any of my calls.
 Where do we start looking for vampires?
 Actually, I care very much.
 Isobel and I share a mutual interest. The original Jonathan Gilbert has an invention that was stolen by a vampire. That vampire was then burned alive in Fell's church, or so Jonathan thought and the invention was lost forever. But then the vampires weren't killed, were they? They were trapped and now they're free, thanks to you which means the invention is retrieval.
 The only thing that matters is that I want it back and you're going to help me if you want your secret safe.
 Oh come on Damon! You were around back then, you know who these people are, what they look like. He was friendly with a woman who turned out to be a vampire. Her name was Pearl. Does that ring a bell?
 I beg your pardon?
 I'll tell the entire council what you are.
 Alaric. Hey buddy, what are you doing here?
 I thought I was driving.
 You look miserable.
 You could fight it if you want but it's part of being a Gilbert.
 Prolific writer, crazy inventor. Why do you ask?
 Is that right?
 Well, it's surprising. Most of them are locked away.
 Jonathan Gilbert journaled his whole life. Right down to the bitter, insane, drunken end. He had a lot of demons.
 I've browsed, yeah.
 Crazy ramblings of a mad man, of course.
 She's very pretty.
 There is blood on the glass.
 Who's that girl with Jeremy?
 What's her story?
 I'm just curious; he really seems to like her.
 Well, I believe I already know all about her.
 Sorry.
 I thought we could talk. We haven't had a chance to catch up.
 Well, it won't take long.
 Well...I know you know.
 It's really silly to keep pretending. What do you think your mother would say. If she knew you were dating a vampire?
 Pearl. What a pleasure. I must admit, I'm surprised that you came.
 Still, revealing yourself to me like this, it took quite a risk.
 That's why I wanted to meet you. I'm planning on changing your mind.
 With my Gilbert charm. I know that you have a weakness for it. May I buy you a drink?
 My apologies.
 Because I can help you. I'm connected around here. The Town Council's eating out of my hand. They do whatever I say. And I know that you just want to live your life. Complete with a white picket fence, and I can help you do that.
 It's a family heirloom. Call me sentimental.
 I read his journals. They're very extensive. He actually wrote about you. You were his one regret. He loved you, and he hated himself for what he did to you.
 No. On his last days, he wrote how sorry he was. You were the only woman he ever loved.
 Good God. You vampires...you're so emotional. Johnathan Gilbert hated you. His only regret was that he didn't drive a stake through your heart himself.
 What?
 Sheriff Forbes, it's John Gilbert. Sorry to call so late. I have an update about the vampires.
 I didn't realize there was a schedule. What's with the side show?
 He's gay?
 Well, they're people, Isobel, and you're treating them like dolls.
 We're in a partnership together because we share a mutual goal. Don't ever confuse that for an acceptance of your lifestyle.
 I'll get it. I said I would.
 Well, you being here is not going to help anything.
 Girl trouble?
 Is that the girl that I show you with at the Founders' pageant? You two are getting hot and heavy. When was the last time you saw her?
 I was just making conversation. No one else in this house likes me. At least I can talk to you especially if you need someone to talk to about girls.
 So seriously, how well do you know Anna?
 I want you to know that you can talk to me about anything. I'm here to answer any questions that you have, to help you in any way I can.
 Because your dad would want me to.
 I see you're packing. That's a good sign.
 Did you get the missing piece? Where is it?
 Then, why did you call me here?
 What the hell are you doing?
 Yeah but he is my nephew and you're going let him go right this second!
 Come on Isobel, I know you okay? It's me John. You can't hurt a kid.
 Really? Are you that far gone? Look, I know you've changed but the old Isobel is somewhere in there, isn't she? Come on let him go.
 Thank you.
 Your ancestor invented a weapon, a device that's extremely harmful to vampires and we've been trying to get it.
 Because there's a group of vampires from a long time ago that wants revenge on this town.
 She has her own reasons for wanting them dead. Look Jeremy, no one ever thought vampires would return to this town. Not in modern times, but they have and we have to destroy them.
 There's no such things.
 Well, your dad did. And has his son that should mean something to you.
 Who do you think told me about the family history?
 Hello?
 And my ring?
 I got it. I won't fail.
 Let me guess.
 That was always part of the plan. Consider them gone.
 I know.
 He doesn't understand, Anna, it's who he is. He hates all vampires. He's just doing what he thinks is right.
 This is the key. Once inserted, the device will be activated. It will work only once, for an estimated time of 5 minutes.
 It's a high-pitched frequency that humans can't hear. Any vampires within a five-block radius will be incapacitated, exposing them. At that time, the sheriff's deputies will inject them with vervain and bring them here, when we will finish them off.
 I have a source. One of the vampires from the tomb confirmed the attack.
 They want revenge for what our ancestors did in 1864. It makes us their target.
 This is the only way to draw them out and kill them...all of them.
 Liz, we need to do this. We have no choice; this is the reason for the Secret Council. Our founding fathers created the Secret Council for just this purpose!
 Richard, let me speak to the Sheriff alone.
 Get in position.
 Yeah, as a matter of fact I do.
 The device is done; the only thing keeping them down is vervain. We don't have much time, let's finish this.
 Anna.
 With the rest of them, where he should be. It's over for Damon.
 Why? Because I'm doing what should have been done a hundred and forty five years ago? This is the right thing, Elena.
 Go ahead, you won't make it out. It'll save me the trouble of killing you myself.
 You take one more step and I'll alert those deputies that they missed a vampire.
 That doesn't mean anything to me.
 You know.
 You scared me.
 You know...I first met Isobel when I was a teenager. I fell in love with her instantly, although I'm pretty sure she never loved me. She was special. A part of why I hate the vampires so much is because of what she became, how it ruined her. And I never would have sent her to Damon had I known she wanted to turn.
 It's my fault. I'm telling you this because I hoped maybe you'd understand.
 Can I help?
 Katherine?!
 You scared me.
 Is Jenna home?
 Yeah I know. How's Jeremy?
 Can I help?
 
 Behind you.
 Behind you!
 Where is she?
 I don't know.
 In you?
 My daughter should have driven a stake through your heart by now. So either kill me or get out because I can't stand the sight of you with my daughter.
 Jeremy.
 I'm packing, leaving.
 Not all, but enough. For now. Can you tell Elena I said goodbye?
 You know Jeremy, I was taught to hate them, the vampires. That's what I know; that's what your father knew.
 No, he may have done things differently but there's no other way to see it.
 Yeah.
 What happened to your parents wasn't supernatural, it was an accident. There's nothing that can save us from that.
 He would think that you're still young. You're still finding yourself but you are a Gilbert and you've been exposed to this town's darkest secret and with that comes responsibility.
 Sooner or later you'll have to.
 Not exactly. Hello Elena.
 Morning.
 Coffee?
 I'm here to protect you. That's all I can say for the moment.
 I'll tell you more when I'm convinced I can trust you.
 Good morning to you, Jenna. Alaric...
 Well, I got in late last night. Elena let me in.
 I decided to come back and stay for a while.
 Actually, you can't stop me from living here.
 Yeah, about that...um, Elena, you want me to explain the situation, or would you like to do the honors?
 
 And the Council? What are they doing?
 Jeremy, there you are.
 You didn't miss much. Let's say that no one's happy to see me would be an understatement.
 I have no intention of doing that. How's that ring been treating you?
 What kind of a man would I be if I took that from you? You want to go grab some lunch?
 Hey you two. Do you think I can join you?
 I guess I don't have to, but I might as well. Look who's here.
 I've been all right, Damon. It's good to see you.
 How do I know you can be trusted, Damon? Originals can compel vampires. And, according to Stefan, that's why Katherine's still in the tomb, because an Original has compelled her to stay there.
 You guys are drinking vervain?
 Is that any way to convince me that you and I are on the same side? First, I need to know that I can trust you, Damon, that I can count on you. Then we'll talk.
 What's going on?
 It doesn't look like nothing.
 No, no, no, no, no. I'm with Damon on this one. No, stop, stop. You're not going anywhere. Just tell me what's going on.
 You're not leaving this restaurant.
 Yes I can. You want to know why? Because I'm here to make sure you stay safe.
 Are you talking about the deal that you made with Elijah? Do you really think he's gonna keep his promise to you? Putting your faith in him was a dumb move.
 We've had our differences, and I've made mistakes, but you and I, we're family.
 
 We didn't finish our conversation.
 I've been thinking. Personal feelings aside Damon, I think you and Stefan will do all you can to protect Elena.
 So I come bearing gifts.
 This is how you kill an Original. In this vial is ash from a white oak tree that dates back to the genesis of the Originals. The dagger must be dipped into the ash, and then plugged into their heart.
 Isobel. She's very good at finding out things. But, of course, you know that.
 Let's just say if she accomplishes what she's attempting, Klaus will never set foot in Mystic Falls. Where Elena's concerned, you and I are on the same side.
 I'm sorry about earlier.
 I didn't come here to fight with you, Elena.
 I thought you might want this. It was you mother's.
 No, your mother, Miranda. I remember her wearing it when she was young. I found it in a box, with some things that your dad left me. Here, it's yours now.
 Miranda and Grayson were your parents, Elena, and I know I'm nothing to you. You have no reason to believe me or trust me. I've done so many horrible things, but when you lost your parents, I lost my brother, my family. I lost my way. I know that I probably won't ever make things right with you, but I'm gonna do everything I can to protect you and protect this family.
 I know you were expecting someone else.
 She got your message. She was busy, so she sent me instead.
 No. No one does. This is between you, me, and Isobel.
 I'm already on it.
 What's Damon doing with Elijah?
 Because you're his little helper.
 Does Jenna know about your extracurricular activities? Maybe it's time we tell her. I mean, she can't stay in the dark forever.
 I don't think you should sleep over anymore. It's inappropriate with children in the house, and that ring that Isobel gave you, that's mine. I'm gonna want that back.
 Where's Elena?
 With Stefan?
 And who gave her permission for that?
 I always knew you were lax with them, but I didn't think you were negligent.
 'Cause he's such a great guy, right?
 He's a liar, Jenna.
 Did he ever tell you what happened to his wife?
 Really? So they found her body?
 Why don't you ask Ric? I'd love to hear his answer. Have a great night.
 When Jenna told me she was coming to a dinner party for Elijah, I decided I couldn't miss out on all the fun and games.
 It's starting to sound a little like a ghost story to me.
 I suspect this is my fault.
 I merely mentioned that you haven't been completely honest with her about your dead wife.
 I think I've been very clear with you, Ric. I want my ring back.
 What I'd like to know, Elijah, is how do you intend on killing Klaus?
 Well, that was awkward.
 You know, I can clear all this stuff up about Isobel tomorrow, if you want. Or not.
 Let her go. It's better that she's not here, what with everything that's going on but maybe had you been a little more honest with her from the beginning, this...
 Right.
 Elena, can you come downstairs, please? I need to talk to you.
 Please. It's important. You, too, Stefan.
 She has information about Klaus. Please, just listen to her, okay?
 Keeping Elena alive.
 Which means any vampire that wants to get in favor with Klaus will be lining up to capture you.
 Isobel's been helping all along. Klaus has been obsessed with finding Katherine for centuries. All it would take was any one of those 1864 tomb vampires to spread the word around that Katherine was still alive and it would bring him straight here to Mystic Falls, where you were bound to be discovered, so we killed them.
 What are you doing here?
 I swear I had no idea what she was gonna do. I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.
 I always knew that she and Katherine were close, but I never realized that Isobel and her were working against me. Two of the world's most uncaring and selfish vampires, and yet they were genuinely friends.
 Because I was there when she gave birth to you, Elena. I saw how heartbroken she was to give you up. And because she was the first girl I ever loved, and when she said she'd help keep you safe...I believed her. At this point, I will do whatever you want me to do. If you feel safer with me not around, then I'll go.
 Okay.
 Elena hasn't returned any of my calls for days. I need to see her.
 What are you talking about?
 How could you let that happen? You were supposed to keep her safe. Wasn't that the sum total of your plan? To keep her safe?
 You what?!
 You ruined her life. You know that, right?
 How could it possibly get any worse?
 I brought the Gilbert journals. I think I know the spell you're talking about.
 Upstairs. Alaric wanted to talk to him.
 Johnathan journaled the story of a mother who called on Emily's services. The woman's baby was sick; dying. Emily cast a spell that would bind the woman's life force with her child.
 Well, the child died, but the mother's life force flowed through her, restoring her to life.
 Not if her soul remains intact.
 I refuse to let Elena become the thing I've spent my life protecting her against. And you can call that God or mystical energy, whatever you want, but yes...I'm putting my faith in it.
 Easy, easy. 
 I did.
 She saved her daughter. She found peace.
 I need you to give this to Elena for me. And also this.
 
 "Elena...it's no easy task being an ordinary parent to an extraordinary child. I failed in that task."
 "And because of my prejudices, I failed you. I'm haunted by how things might have played out differently. If I'd been more willing to hear your side of things."
 "For me, it's the end. For you, a chance to grow old and someday do better with your own child than I did with mine. It's for that child that I give you my ring."
 "I don't ask for your forgiveness or for you to forget. I ask only that you believe this. Whether you are now reading this as a human or as a vampire, I love you all the same as I've always loved you, and always will. John. "
 Hello fingers, goodbye fingers.
 Bonnie, please!
