 I see we moved yet again. At least this is a step up.
 Who are you? Where am I?
 Go to hell.
 What does it matter to you?
 Ha ha ha! You're a fool. Markos destroyed your only weapon against passengers like me, and there's no way in hell you'd ever kill your best friend.
 Stop! I can't tell you where Markos is because I don't know, but I can tell you where my body is.
 Because Markos doesn't like problems, and your boy escaping camp means he's Markos' problem.
 So knowing Markos, he's gonna want to get rid of tyler for good by making this my body permanently.
 They won't. I got it handled, I promise.
 This body's incredible.
 I take it you didn't find my body.
 Quite hoovering. It's weird.
 If he's former, why do you care?
 Whatever.
 It's nice here.. Besides, it's not just about breaking the curse that keeps us from being able to settle; it's revenge against all of the things the witches stand for. Every grimoire; every talisman; every vampire, right down to your daylight rings..
 The travelers see it all as a perversion of pure magic. Markos wants to destroy that perversion. He wants to restore the balance.
 It's not really wrong, when you think about it. If anything, it's kind of right.
 When it comes to getting what he wants, Markos doesn't have much of a sense of humor.
 Damon, he doesn't know I'm here. Use the element of surprise. Not sure you're clever enough to pull it off. Just thought I'd put it out there.
 My fangs.. What the hell happened to my fangs?
 I'm looking for Maria. I heard she brought you back to Mystic Falls.
 Did she tell you where she was headed? Cause she can't stay there. The town's completely overrun.
 What's the problem? Did she tell you where she was headed, or not?
 What are you talking about?
 Don't touch me.
 She saved your punk ass.
 Well, someone's going to pay for it.
 Look at me.. my wife's dead. I'm in somebody else's body. I've got nowhere to go because my own people are trying to kill me!
 There! Dead doppelgänger. Stopped the spell.
 You think you're some great leader because you pillage a helpless town? That makes you king now? Sorry, your highness, but I don't buy it.
 No, no! No! Don't do this! No! No! Stop. (they force Julian to cross the city limit)
 For the soldiers!
 Have your tickets ready, ladies! The men on the battlefield need us!
 
 Oh, ho ho ho! Aren't we lady-like?
 Hmm. How wise you must sound to less intelligent men.
 
 Valerie, darling  a word?
 
 Exactly. His mood, not his manhood. Remember, his mother gave very strict instructions for us to keep our distance. Do not displease her.
 Time to say goodbye.
 I expected you would visit here sooner or later.
 We are leaving for New York now.
 
 Slipping away before sunrise on the very day our ship leaves for England?
 
 Because Lily will not travel anywhere without her precious little orphans, and it is imperative that I leave today.
 Do I frighten you?
 
 
 Lily? Darling!
 Ha, see, Beau, fencing's got to flow 
 Hwah!
 Like a conversation. I speak. You listen. I speak more!
 You've improved. Well done, friend.
 Beau insisted!
 Didn't you friend?
 Well, you heard this ridiculously attractive woman.
 My love, I need to be on my feet again. I spent the last hundred years on my back.
 So, unless you can make an offer that I cannot refuse...
 Mmm...
 And I like it already.
 You mean Valerie.
 Your sons... are alive?
 Okay. Well, I have some catching up to do.
 Hmm...
 And this is meant to be, like, fun, right?
 I think this era suits you, Nora.
 Well, I think she's just nervous to let her little birdies fly free. She doesn't want another Valerie on her hands.
 No.
 You certainly are not. Perhaps I could talk to Lily, see if I can't convince her to loosen her reins a little?
 Of course.
 Absolutely nothing, Mary Louise. You look stunning as always.
 Gentlemen, welcome!
 I'm Julian.
 Lily told me all about you! Of course, you were only a boy back then, and now you're, well... you.
 Stefan! How long has it been?
 Huh. My charm is being lost on you. You must be dreadfully sober.
 Beau, get these men something to drink, will you?
 Hmm, nice break.
 Ah, Damon, come play with us.
 
 Huh. Well, considering my body's been in stasis for a century, why don't you enlighten me?
 And?
 Oh.
 Beau, can I ask you something? Lily's concerns about me weren't entirely wrong. My time away might have affected my head a bit.
 Nothing to worry about, of course! Nut, um, there is a little something that would bring me great relief. Our dearly departed Oscar had something of mine, but it wasn't on him when he died. So, I thought perhaps it was in his automobile. Could you maybe figure out where it was sent?
 Great.
 We haven't met. Julian.
 Hmm. Those meat-and-cheese spirals were decadent. Your staff does fantastic work.
 Hmm.
 Ah, what a pretty dress!
 Well, Nora needs her eyes examined.
 
 Why don't you drink what you're actually craving?
 Mmm, just as I thought.
 You, Mary Louise, have lost your swagger! The girl I remember had spunk, vigor, danger. Rules be damned. No wonder Nora's bored.
 Mmm. I won't tell Lily this if you won't.
 UGH!
 Sit down, son, or I'll seat you myself.
 Hmmm. Over a hundred years inside this thing. Although in this, my own custom-made hell, time is meaningless. The pain, the emptiness, the complete lack of humanity, is quite literally endless. Every day is the same. I wake up. I try to escape. But instead, I end up killing the person I love the most. Every day, over and over again, I drive a stake through your mother.
 It's almost enough to turn even the soundest mind mad, but when you're over 475 years old, you learn a thing or two about yourself. This couldn't be real, because I would never bring harm to your mother. Hell was playing tricks on me, hmm? It was trying to break me. But no, I wouldn't let it, because I knew that if I did snap... Ooh, no, no... I wouldn't be a man. I'd be a monster.
 
 
 
 Lily... Perhaps I'm more affected by my time away than I wanted to admit.
 You know, I was wishing that the hell had gone away, but my mind? It's not right. I mean, the truth is, I'm frightened that I'm not the Julian that you remember.
 Well, in the meantime... I need to feel safe. Your kids will strike again, and I need to protect myself.
 It will, but I don't anticipate that to be a problem... They love me.
 Ah, the barkeep. Did you forget your tip jar?
 Oh... yes! The steerage waif Lily took pity upon. She told me all about you.
 So what brings you here?
 Haven't seen one lying around. Perhaps Lily threw it out with the rest of the rubbish.
 Oh.
 I hope you're not suggesting anything untoward.
 Well, we'd have to settle it like gentlemen. But...
 I assured Lily that there would be no more bloodshed in the house.
 Hmm.
 Do you know what true bravery is?
 Most people don't. It isn't going against incredible odds and thinking you're going to win. No, that's merely confidence. Bravery is knowing you're going to lose, but doing it anyway.
 Well, if you won't let me give you an honorable way out, I... have no choice but give you an honorable death.
 Well, let's get on with it. Choose your weapon.
 Hyah!
 
 Unh!
 Oh, thank God you're all right! You must have been given such a scare.
 
 Of course, he was under the impression it would kill me.
 I don't know about you, but I could use a warm bath.
 Well, you know me  never one to resist a sword fight.
 
 Darling, you were never in any danger.
 We were boys being boys, fighting for your honor!
 If anything, it was silly. Well, until one of your rude, misbehaved sons showed up and tried to kill us both.
 Valerie? No, I did not.
 Lily! You know me. You know how deeply that I care about the family that we have built, and I would do anything to keep us together.
 I would never have done something so revolting.
 Listen to me, rambling on...
 You must have been so upset today, and here I am acting like it was nothing. It would destroy me if I ever heard you.
 Will you forgive me?
 Come here.
 Look at me.
 I love you, darling. I will never hurt you.
 That's it. Nora is off pancake duty.
 Mmm. Nobody's killing anybody before we eat. I'm not wasting any of this food.
 Oh! Darling. We woke you.
 Of course she remembered! In fact, it was Lily's idea to host your party tonight.
 Girls, girls, girls, girls, you're underestimating us. I think they're in for a wonderful surprise, don't you, my love?
 
 As you wish.
 
 I've been collecting them for this very occasion.
 
 Loosen up, darling! It's a party!
 See? Just like old times!
 Where are you taking me?
 
 ...Probably because the love of your life is far too vain to be wearing whatever that tiny little rock is... reflecting light in that box.
 
 This belonged to French royalty. A, uh, princess, I think. She was telling me as she lost her head...
 
 Guess who?
 Dance with me.
 No, no, no, fear not. I bribed the DJ to play us a slow song.
 Do you recognize it?
 Not the arrangement, but perhaps the vocals?
 To think of everything we've endured as a family... And now we're together, at long last.
 Well, almost like old times. You haven't been indulging in any of the real fun.
 No. No, you're afraid.
 Going all in... and rejoining our family completely.
 You keep holding onto the hope that Stefan and Damon will love you again, that we'll be one big happy family. But we can't. Hmm? And that hope is causing unwanted friction.
 Take a look around! You have all the love that you need right here. All you have to do is accept it.
 Come back to us, Lily. Let go and allow yourself to be the woman that I fought through hell for.
 Well, your mother would agree. There's a kindergarten teacher in the powder room to prove it.
 What are you boys doing here?
 Ugh!
 AGHH!
 And my mind is boggled by this blind devotion you have for Lily, when the woman mused up an idea to keep you away from your soulmate for what, sixty years? Seventy years?
 And yet here you are, essentially risking your life to be here with me in order to keep her alive.
 Mmm, aren't you a clever girl? It's a shame. I suppose your little one would have had the same smarts...
 Apparently whoever wins at foosball gets to kill me.
 And that, Mary Louise, is why you've always been my favorite.
 Things have grown out of hand, Lily. Enough is enough.
 I can't. 'Cause if I do, this bloody cycle will continue. And I love you  and the family that we have built together  far too much for that to happen. So... one lives, one dies. You have to choose which.
 Oh, but you will. You have spent far too long trying to have it all. The lies, the... the violence, all because you wanted the impossible. Well, the truth is, you're either a Salvatore, or you're one of us, but you cannot be both.
 Now choose.
 Choose!
 No! Lily! Lily, Lily. My sweet, foolish girl! I've already unlinked us!
 Lily, uh... She staked herself in her heart.
 She thought that killing herself would kill me. She didn't realize that you had already unlinked us. I thought breaking the spell would protect her. If her sons succeeded in killing me... She would be spared. But it's...
 She's gone, Mary Louise. She's gone.
 Oh. Hello, boys. If you'll just pardon me a moment.
 I seem to have misplaced my cellular telephone. These things have a way of, you know, jumping out of your hand and just...
 Scurrying off.
 Oh! Stop looking. Here it is.
 Well, it has been a rough few weeks for all of us, I suppose, after what we went through.
 Mmm.
 Well, you lost your mother, and I lost the love of my life.
 
 Heh, heh, heh. Sorry. Oh, yes...
 Do you remember this sword? When you, you know, drove it through my chest? You didn't quite have all the pieces together, though, did you? Literally.
 See, when a vampire is stabbed through the heart with, uh, the completed sword, it acts as a magical conduit, transferring their spirit into this particularly nasty stone. And the purpose of the stone is to punish vampires like you boys. Every sin you've committed goes into creating your own little personal hell. I spent over one hundred years inside.
 Pbbbt! One hundred. Then, Lily saved me. And for the briefest of moments, oh... I had her back in my life. So, she was the only thing that kept the madness of the stone at bay. You know, the only thing that kept me... sane.
 Well, it was. But, uh, now... These have been dark days for me.
 Then, I remember what my old life looked like. And, I... I realized... I mean, it was a good life. I was surrounded by the people that I cared about  my friends. Two, two. Heh, heh, heh. Raphael, here, I met in Florence in the 1600s.
 He was a painter  terrible painter, though  but a painter.
 Oh, Dirty Robin, I found in a convent in Massachusetts in, uh, 1802, was it? Hmmm. She loved those nuns.
 Seth over there, I rescued you from a claim-jumper in California during the Gold Rush, and Xi Nguyen, I met you last week, actually, in Portland.
 Now, I know you two have been following me for quite some time, right? I hope it wasn't for nefarious reasons.
 
 Good.
 I'm sure there are places that would have loved those as a donation.
 That tends to happen when I'm threatened. Where is she?
 Don't play dumb. I got your brother's text message. I was told to come alone. I am here alone. Now, where is Mary Louise?
 I just spent two hours crammed in a small metal tube, flying across the country to be here. It was hell.
 But that is just a fraction of the hell that this sword will put you in if I don't get her back.
 
 Right. I forgot. You don't care about your mother. Look at you not caring as you burn her clothes, attempting to erase every trace of her existence.
 See, I always knew that her love for you would get her killed. It was toxic.
 Heh. It's easier for you to think that way, isn't it? Because then you don't have to take any responsibility for her death.
 Because she couldn't turn her back on you.
 I don't know what your hell will be, but I hope she's there.
 Heh heh heh. In my own house? I'm twice your age. I could take both of you.
 I would have killed you on sight if it weren't for your mother. I respected her.
 Now I'll run.
 Heh. Damon. You're alive! I was half expecting the, uh, cute witch or the, uh, pregnant blonde, but...
 Right.
 Ah. That. Yes. See, I was at a petrol station earlier, and I got a little bit carried away with the nozzle. I'm afraid your brother is quite soaked.
 Come on. Sit down.
 If you're not gonna join me for the meal, I suppose I could just skip forward to the after-dinner smoke.
 So, do you want to talk about it?
 Yes, we're really doing this. You know, I've never had the opportunity to share war stories with another Stone survivor. Come on. How'd you fare? Tell me everything.
 Heh heh. Hmm. Perhaps I should start. See, upon waking up in that wretched world, I saw your mother... And then I killed her. Every day for over a century, I watched her die. Every day for over a century, I had my heart torn out of my chest. Oh, it was complete and utter misery.
 
 I think you simply resisted.
 You resisted facing the pain you so naturally and willfully push away.
 Ellis, tell your friends to bring something back from their hunt. We need to stock the bar for happy hour.
 Who's thirsty?!
 Look who survived.
 
 
 Ooh.
 There's no need to pout. I'm not gonna hurt your precious town. It holds sentimental value for me as well. This was Lily's home once. Now it's mine.
 Well, anyway...
 I'm making this about myself when here you are, back with the living. Congratulations! Although, now's where the real work begins, doesn't it?
 Good luck to you both.
 Are you certain you're still suited to be his wing man? I expect you're still adjusting yourself.
 Yes. When I first got out, I thought I was... Handling it, too.
 Ahh.
 This is what your brother did to Ellis!
 
 Well, I strongly recommend that you find him first.
 Hmmm. No, I assure you, he was not.
 You were alone when I arrived. You were talking to yourself. Perhaps that stone isn't finished with you after all?
 In the meantime, if either you or your brother harm one of my men again, I will gut one of you and feed the other the entrails.
 Just to make things interesting!
 Bulls-eye! And for your courage, my bold friend, how would you like to make your new home at 224 Harmony Lane?
 Mr. and Mrs. Leonard, here, have been called back to town so that they might invite you in.
 Who's next?
 Valerie, I'm struggling to comprehend you showing your face within two hundred miles of me.
 When did you get this?
 Kyle, if you kill this shrew right now, I'll throw in the Lincoln family Buick.
 What did I say would happen if you ever harmed one of my men again? Hmm?
 Mmhmm...
 You have ten seconds to live. Any last words?
 Well, that's not the concern of a dead man. Perhaps something a little more poetic? Two seconds.
 Hmm, I get it. You're still in a little self-destructive spiral from your not-so-fantastic voyage into the Phoenix Stone.
 Well, Lily was my touchstone. She was the very thing that tethered me to my sanity. And when I lost her? Well... that's when things really went off the rails.
 So, who did you lose? Not Lily. Not Stefan.
 Who was that epic love in the box? Huh? Was it Helena? Or Eleanor? Or...?
 Elena! How is darling Elena?
 See, I can't help but feel a little bit responsible for what's happened. Why don't we have some fun, shall we? Hmm?
 You know I love games... And, I think I have just the outlet for the overwhelming pain you must be feeling.
 I set up some sparring matches for the new residents of Mystic Falls. I thought it'd be fun to dole out the houses and their owners to the winners. And the losers? Well... The losers die, sadly.
 It's been my experience over the centuries that the only true remedy for extreme mental anguish? Raw physical brutality.
 You really want to feel pain, Damon? Get in there.
 Come on!
 Feeling better yet?
 
 No weapons! Those are the rules!
 All right, Damon. I think we're done here.
 I'm afraid I've grown bored of this game.
 I am.
 You want to fight again? Then you fight me next.
 Are you in or out?
 
 Will someone please escort Stefan off the premises?
 I never had a brother. No siblings at all, actually. Seems I dodged a bullet there.
 At least I have friends. You've driven away every last soul who ever cared for you.
 You're not really looking for your brother, are you? I mean, even if Stefan did come back, what do you think he would do when he found out what you did to Elena?
 You know it's not that I wouldn't love to do it, but... are you sure?
 If they come back, kill them!
 Stefan, what a surprise. Can I buy you a drink?
 I really admire what you did for your brother today. You know, it's a shame nothing will come of it. I'm afraid your brother's too far gone to be rehabilitated.
 Do you really think it's wise...
 To brazenly attack me in front of all my friends?
 I commend you for your valiant, but ultimately futile effort. That was tragic you were unable to save even one of these people. Might've given your death some meaning.
 But alas...
 Do you know what happens to obstinate daughters who disobey their fathers?
 You are one of The Five?
 Well, that does create quite a conundrum. If I spare your life, then you'll never cease trying to end mine.
 Oh, I have another solution. I will not kill your father. You will.
 
 What is keeping the others?
 Beau!
 We must get away from here. Tell Lily to book passage to New York Harbor immediately. Ship sails tonight.
 It's just a scratch. Move now.
 Hurry. Lily will have secured us passage by now.
 
 Whilst these accommodations might not be the grandest, they have the benefit of being the least conspicuous.
 Aah! Get us away from here.
