 Please, call me Katherine.
 Who needs rules? Mind if I join you?
 Somehow, I think that you play rougher.
 Ha! I win. What's my prize?
 Well, this works out wonderfully for me.
 Now I'll have both of you here to keep me entertained. First and foremost, I'll need someone to escort me to the founder's ball.
 The smart and kind Salvatore brothers both coming to my rescue. How will I ever choose?
 Forever is a very long time, you know.
 Good morning. Clear the room, please.
 You're upset.
 But you're not afraid.
 
 Shh. We will go on exactly as we have.
 You have no idea of the future I have planned for us, Stefan...You, me, and Damon. No rules.
 Please! Please, help us!
 Please, my husband, he's been hurt! Please help him!
 No. No, sir. It's not safe.
 And that's how it's done.
 Well, I'll take them into the woods and the other animals will finish them off. 
 When it's time. Kiss me.
 You should get a taste.
 Don't be. Soon you won't be able to get enough.
 What are you doing? Stop it!
 Yes?
 I'll be down soon. Please ask her to wait.
 Thank you, Emily.
 Fun's over.
 It's good to see you, Pearl.
 Emily, would you please tell Mr. Salvatore that I've stepped away?
 
 The Salvatores have been kind to take me in. As far as everyone here knows, I'm a poor orphan girl from Atlanta, lost her family in the fires.
 I don't follow.
 What in hell?!
 Why is there ver—
 The townspeople ingesting vervain? Well, that's inconvenient.
 No. I like it here. I'm not interested in leaving just yet.
 We'll leave soon, Pearl, I promise. I need to take care of a few things first.
 We'll all be safe, I promise.
 Mr. Gilbert's coming. Quick, your cheeks. 
 
 You can trust me, Mr. Salvatore. I would never cheat.
 Did he try to put his hands on you again?
 
 We are the respectable ladies of Mystic Falls. Thanks to Emily, we walk the streets in daylight. No one will ever suspect us.
 And soon enough, you will.
 A gift.
 From Emily, actually. And when will you stop worrying about Damon?
 Just as he wants me, but I'm the one who gets to make all the rules.
 Because I'm spoiled.
 And selfish.
 And because I can do this.
 And this.
 And this.
 Vervain.
 Hello, John. Goodbye, John.
 Sorry.
 She had to meet the fire chief about the building. She doesn't know the truth. They've covered it up.
 Holed up in his room.
 Sure.
 
 Not good. Just what I needed.
 At least I fooled one of you.
 Feel better?
 I'm sorry Bonnie. What Damon's done is just awful.
 Okay.
 We haven't officially met. I'm Katherine.
 Of course you do. You're the best friend right? I've been putting all the pieces of Elena's life together. Isobel told me it was a bit of a puzzle. I do know who Jenna and Jeremy are and I met that delicious ex-boyfriend Matt, who's sweet on Caroline, and then there's you, the vampire-hating Bennett witch. Did I do good?
 I've been around a long time Bonnie; you're gonna have to do better than that.
 Nice.
 Stefan.
 Okay.
 After the way you treated me last night, I thought that a public place would be less violent.
 Mmm, but that's part of the fun, Stefan. Damon's here, somewhere. I've been avoiding him.
 Hey Matt. I heard that Caroline is doing much better. Her recovery was practically miraculous, you must be so relieved.
 Uh! His eyes are so blue!
 You're hurting my feelings, Stefan. Damon was much happier to see me, then again he thought I was your girlfriend so...
 Okay, how about we don't have a couple's fight in front of all of your friends? Walk with me.
 Maybe I missed you. Is that an acceptable reason?
 Why, you want to play with me?
 No rules, Stefan. Don't you remember? No rules.
 The Lockwoods have a lot more land than they used to. The possessions from all the tomb vampires built them quite a fortune.
 There's nothing more annoying than a vengeful vampire, Stefan. Just ask John Gilbert.
 But you have. You're stronger. Meaner. It's sexy.
 Yeah, based on your choice of women, I'd say otherwise. Although I'll admit it does bother me that you've falling in love with someone else.
 Believe what you want, Stefan, but I know the truth and deep down, so do you.
 You want to know why I'm here Stefan? I came back for you.
 You hate me, huh? That sound like the beginning of a love story, Stefan, not the end of one.
 I wanted to say goodbye.
 I know where I'm not wanted.
 Ouch.
 What, no goodbye kiss?
 Nostalgia, curiosity, et cetera.
 Trust me Damon, when I'm up to something, you'll know it. Come on. Kiss me. Or kill me. Which will it be, Damon? We both know that you're only capable of one.
 My sweet, innocent Damon.
 That's more like it.
 Stop. I already know your question and its answer. The truth is...I've never loved you. It was always Stefan.
 Hey Caroline.
 My name is Katherine. I was hoping you could give the Salvatore brothers a message for me.
 Game on.
 Nope, try again.
 Don't be frightened. We're going to have so much fun together. (She smiles.)
 Look who found his dancing shoes.
 No touching, Mr. Salvatore. Those are the rules.
 Well, Damon needs to concede that his younger brother is a better dancer.
 Looks like he found someone to occupy his time.
 Stefan don't.
 It hurts, doesn't it?
 Now you know how I feel. Don't fight it, Stefan. You loved me once. You can love me again.
 I love you, Stefan. We'll be together again, I promise.
 Hey, are you okay?
 You have to admit I am getting better at this.
 It was easy to get inside of your head. Have you completely forsaken your nature?
 Are we really gonna do this again? You both know I could rip you to shreds and do my nails at the same time.
 I wanted to see you. I missed you, Stefan. Indulge me for a little while, please?
 3 reasons  you, you and you.
 Well, you know, it's the truth. Deep down inside that gorgeous body of yours there's the Stefan that fell in love with me too.
 I know. I'm sorry. It was just too tempting, all of your inner thoughts and feelings, laying there on your desk for me to read.
 That's right! You don't do human, I read that. I also read about your recent werewolf siting.. That must have come as a surprise.
 I know not to pet one. Their bite kills, Stefan. It's best to stay clear of them during a full moon.
 Who do you think was responsible for ridding this town of vampires in 1864?
 Spearheaded by?
 You remember the Founders' Ball, don't you? The one that you were dreaming about?
 That was before you and Damon knew about my little secret.
 Grab a glass, Henry. It's a celebration.
 That's good news, Henry. That means we have nothing to worry about.
 Then...it won't be long before the founders drop an investigation.
 Relax, Henry. This town is our home and the vampires are my family. I won't let anything happen to us.
 From the moment I met George, I knew he'd be a problem.
 The werewolf gene runs in the Lockwood family. Not that they're all wolves.
 No, there are others. Not many. They're practically extinct. They mainly exist now in books and really bad movies.
 My turn to ask a question.
 Why did you keep this picture? Why not burn it? Tear it up? You want to know why I came back. Well I have a better question  Why did you? For Elena? No. You came back here to fall in love with me all over again, didn't you?
 You don't have to do this.
 I came back for you.
 You're going to torture me now?
 Later that night at the Founders' Ball...
 Yes you do, Stefan. That's exactly what you want to hear.
 Your father has outdone himself.
 I must admit, I'm rather surprised that you'd come looking for me.
 No, because I'm a vampire who could kill you in your sleep.
 Relax, George. I know you know my secret.
 And I know your secret too and I know that you're extra strong, only not as strong.
 You think that I would settle into a town without knowing my enemies?
 I've been doing all the talking, it's your turn. Do you pretend to be human when you're with Elena? Is that the appeal?
 Does she know that you love me?
 That's where you're wrong, Stefan. Don't you remember bringing me home that night? Your family had taken me in.
 I had a lovely time, Stefan.
 As long as I'm wanted. Your father has been very kind to give me a shelter.
 So, I gather I'm wanted?
 There's so much you don't know about me, Stefan.
 I must say good night.
 No, you haven't upset me, you've just surprised me. Until tomorrow.
 What are you doing here?
 Well, I'm tired, you should go.
 You shouldn't eavesdrop.
 I told you, I'm tired.
 I wish to be alone tonight. Please leave.
 Go ahead Stefan. Torture me, keep me captive, drain me of my blood until my body turns to dust. It'll never change the truth. I never compelled your love. It was real and so was mine.
 Hearing the truth after a century and a half of denial must be overwhelming.
 Only after I showed you who I really was. You were so scared of me; I had to take away your fear.
 Love, hate, such a fine line, I can wait. Anyway, George Lockwood was causing all sorts of trouble. He used the vampires to cover up his own tracks. He told the founding families about us. But he was willing to strike a deal.
 A deal to rid the town of vampires.
 Good. Insists that they do a body count before the church is set ablaze.
 27 vampires.
 Make sure you're not followed. I need everyone to believe I perished in that fire.
 I practically lit the match.
 Without blinking.
 Something he wanted desperately.
 Everyone has a past, Stefan. Mine needed to stay far far away but thanks to you my plan nearly failed before it even began. Once George told me that the round up was imminent, I made sure I could see you one last time, but your father used your love for me against you, he poisoned your blood. Then Damon being Damon, nearly ruined everything.
 I didn't want to be saved.
 No, Stefan, you died for love!
 Have you not heard a word that I've said? I've answered that question five times over now.
 I want what I want, Stefan and I don't care what I have to do to get it. My list of victims is a long one, and I have no problem adding one more name to that list.
 Still can. If I have to, I will snap her neck like a twig and you know it.
 I guess you don't hate me as much as you thought you did. I don't want you seeing Elena anymore. If you don't remove from your life, I will kill everyone that she loves while she watches and then I will kill her while you watch.
 I have been sipping vervain every single day for the last 145 years. You caught me by surprise once, I wasn't gonna let it happen again. It doesn't hurt me, Stefan.
 I told you, I missed you Stefan. I just wanted to spend some time with you.
 You must be Elena.
 You're asking the wrong questions.
 Care to share how you couldn't follow through with one simple task?
 Occupy her. That's all I asked.
 I hope so because let's not forget. I already killed you once; I can easily do it again.
 Bad day?
 What's the matter? Jealous I spent the day with Stefan?
 Then why so pouty?
 Well, werewolves aren't easy prey.
 Why don't you ask your brother? Don't try to be the hero, Damon. You'll end up dead.
 George.
 All done, George. Thank you.
 If anyone learns of my escape, I will find you and I will kill you. Don't think that I won't.
 I love you, Stefan. We will be together again, I promise.
 I've been waiting.
 Mason? What happened?
 What? Why?
 Why would he think that?
 Everything's gonna be okay.
 What was that stunt today that you pulled with Damon and Stefan Salvatore?
 I told you to stay away from them.
 I don't want you to get distracted. I need you to find the moonstone.
 You got it?
 Shhh.
 Ms. Flowers will think I'm a floozy if I have a man in here.
 Because I like this little bed and breakfast, don't you?
 Where is the moonstone?
 Don't you trust me?
 You scared I'm gonna kill you?
 Did I hurt you? Sorry.
 We'll live happily ever after. I promise.
 You know I love you.
 Mason, you should have been here an hour ago.
 Damon. For once you've surprised me. I assume Mason is with you?
 You shouldn't have.
 You have no idea what you've just done.
 Do you honestly believe that I don't have a plan B? And if that fails, a plan C, then a plan D, and...you know how the alphabet works, don't you? Send my love to Stefan.
 Hello, Elena.
 Did you enjoy your little rendezvous with Stefan this morning? I will always know, Elena. I will always be one step ahead of you. When are you gonna figure that out? Do you know how easy it was to get inside of your house? To replace Aunt Jenna's vervain perfume, to convince her to stop drinking her special tea?
 Jenna's been my little spy for days now. But unlike you, Jenna actually listens to me. So when I suggested that the world would be a much better place if she were to just...
 Well, you get the idea.
 I apologize if I seem rattled. Circumstances have changed suddenly, and I had to adjust. Mind control is a necessary evil. You see, I need a werewolf, and I've lost the one that I had. Now, tell me what you're going to do to help me get a new one.
 And you're not going to stop.
 Until?
 Hey, I saw you with Matt, are you okay?
 You're good. What gave me away? Was it the hair? Or was it my clothes?
 I need you to deliver a message.
 Tell Damon and Stefan that I want the moonstone or I will rip this town apart until it rains blood.
 Tonight, at the masquerade ball.
 Right there. Thank you, Mrs. Flowers. You've been such a wonderful help.
 I will.
 Do not sneak up on a vampire.
 I'm glad you made it.
 Like you had a choice.
 To a masquerade ball. Tonight. You want to be my date?
 I'm impersonating my dull-as-dishwater doppelgänger Elena. She has the worst taste.
 I've gotten quite good at it actually and everyone's gonna be in masks. It's for some feed this, something charity. It's for a good cause Lucy.
 I have seen it and I need you to help me get it back.
 Let's just get it first. All I really need from you is backup. I can't imagine that Damon and Stefan are just gonna hand it over without putting up a fight.
 Matt? You look dashing.
 I couldn't miss it. You really are hot in a suit. I would love to just...Okay, here's the deal.
 Do you know what you have to do?
 And then?
 God, you're hot. Now go away.
 Dance with me.
 Fine then tell me who I should kill. Him? Hmm, she looks delicious.
 It's a beautiful night.
 How's Jenna? I certainly didn't expect her to survive that. Lucky girl. Clumsy. How does one stab oneself?
 Uh?
 Okay. Then give me the moonstone and nobody will.
 Hmm. I have a better plan. You go fetch it and I will try not to kill anyone in the meantime.
 Thank you. I love your necklace.
 Oh it's twisted. Here, let me, here we go.
 Paralyzed from the waist down. And dead.
 The moonstone, Stefan. Tick tock.
 Didn't I?
 This changes nothing. You're here because you owe your dear friend a favor. You wouldn't want to lose my friendship now, would you?
 What is it Jeremy?
 Oh?
 And why are you their little messenger?
 Hmm, you Gilbert men, so courageous. How's John by the way? Were they able to sew his fingers back on?
 What are Stefan and Damon up to?
 I've got Jeremy Gilbert luring me out to the lake. What's going on?
 Don't lie to me, Caroline. They're up to something, what is it?
 I figured as much. Where is the moonstone?
 And where is Bonnie right now?
 Shut up!
 Which room is it?
 Where is she?
 What the...? Stefan?
 You don't really think that you can kill me with that now, do you?
 You think you two are the only ones with a witch on your side? Wrong and something tells me that my witch is better than your witch.
 Let's all make sure poor Elena is okay. Just a little bit more pressure.
 This is really gonna hurt.
 Okay. So, how about that moonstone?
 The three of us together just like old times. The brother who loved me too much and the one that didn't love me enough.
 What happened to you Damon? You used to be so sweet and polite.
 Good. He was a bore.
 Where is the moonstone?
 Does Elena enjoy having both of you worship at her alter?
 So it doesn't bother you that Damon's in love with your girlfriend?
 Or what? You'll hurt me?
 Come on, Stefan. Everything that I feel, Elena feels, so go ahead.
 Or better yet, kiss me Damon. She'll feel that too.
 I'll have to remember that for next time. He's not the only wolf in town.
 We could play charades.
 Good for you, Stefan. Two plus two...And it would have worked except that people found out that I wasn't in the tomb.
 Thanks to you, by the way. Have I mentioned how inconvenient your obsession with me has been?
 I love you in a suit, so dashing.
 In 1987 you were in Chicago, at a concert of all places with that wench, Lexi. Come on Stefan, don't look so surprised. Of course I checked in on you over the years. You were standing in the front row, dancing all night. You were watching Bon Jovi and I was watching you.
 We're missing the party. I'll have one of those.
 Thank you.
 Yes, Damon, please.
 God, you're hot. When did you get so hot?
 Thank God.
 Done.
 I said done. Give it.
 Where am I?
 You should have killed me.
 No, Damon, don't. Damon, don't. You need me, Elena's in danger.
 Why do you think I haven't killed her? Because she's the doppelgänger. She needs to be protected.
 No, Damon, don't! I'll do anything, please. Damon! You need me! Damon! You need me! You need me!
 A girl. Please mother, let me see her.
 Let me at least hold her once...just once.
 Father, please! No, father, no!
 No mother, please...
 Please, mama...
 Hello Elena. You come to watch me wither away? Goodbye Caroline.
 Stefan know you're here?
 You came to bribe me? What is it that you want?
 Hmm, you've been busy.
 You think that if you brought me some family keepsake that I'd open up?
 You have the Petrova fire.
 It's a long story, Klaus and I. It goes all the way back to England, 1492, after I left Bulgaria. Or was thrown out.
 My family, your true ancestors, they disowned me. My indiscretions were not tolerated at that time. I had a baby out of wedlock. The shame.
 Mhmm. My baby was given away. I was banished to England and I had to learn to adjust. So I quickly became English. It was there that I caught the eye of a nobleman named Klaus. I was taken with him at first, til I found out what he was and what he wanted from me. And then I ran like hell.
 I can't run anymore.
 The same thing that he'll want from you. He wants to break the curse.
 He wanted to drain every single drop of blood from my body.
 It's really tedious but...
 The curse was bound by the sacrifice of Petrova blood. Witches are crafty with their spells. The doppelgänger was created as a way to be able to undo the spell. Once the doppelgänger reappeared, the curse can be broken.
 Something like that.
 Help, please help me.
 Please, help me.
 No, Trevor. He said that you'd help me.
 You must be Rose. Thank you. Trevor said to show you this.
 To prove I am who I say and that you'd help me to freedom.
 It was to be part of the sacrifice ritual, so I grabbed it and made my escape.
 I know the risk you bring on yourself by giving me aid.
 No! No!
 No, but not because she had a change of heart.
 In the woods, I tripped.
 I'd rather die than go back to Klaus. Please, just let me die.
 No. No!
 Klaus needed a human doppelgänger. As a vampire, I was no longer any use to him.
 I underestimated his spirit for vengeance but living in a suitcase is better than dying so you can have your blood spilled over some silly little rock.
 What's wrong? Afraid I'm right? You don't want to die? There's another way out.
 Better hurry. Your opportunity is going, going, going and gone. I made the other choice.
 You would have helped me run. That was never going to be enough.
 And for that I'm sorry.
 Please understand.
 Better you die than I.
 I never thought he would last that long.
 I was looking out for myself, Elena. I will always look out for myself. If you're smart, you'll do the same.
 I have no reason to lie, Elena. I have no reason to do anything but sit here and read and rot.
 500 years on the run, I figured maybe he'd be willing to strike a deal.
 Right again.
 Hmm, look who is getting smarter.
 Witches and their spells  so many ingredients, so many people to sacrifice.
 Believe it or not, they're hard to come by.
 A witch to do the spell. Mine bailed but Bonnie will do just fine.
 A vampire.
 It could have been anyone I suppose but I like the poetry of Caroline.
 Better you die than I.
 There's nothing you can do, Stefan. I haven't even told you the best part of the story.
 No, no, no, mama. No!
 He killed them, my entire family, just to get back at me for running. Whatever you do to escape Klaus, he will get his vengeance on your friends, your family and anyone that you've ever loved.
 Always the protector but even you must realize that she's doomed. There's nothing you can do to stop it unless of course you have this.
 I didn't spin anything, Stefan. It's the truth.
 My freedom? That's where you're wrong, Stefan. I don't want my freedom because when Klaus shows up to kill us all and he will, I'll be in the tomb, where no vampire will enter because they can't get out. I'll be the safest psychotic bitch in town.
 Please...come on in. There's plenty of room for all of us.
 Mmm, they're such pretty eyes.
 Tell you what, you get your little witch to hocus pocus me out of here, you can have whatever you want.
 I've had time to reconsider.
 I'm starving, Damon. And dirty. But above all, I'm bored. 
 Let me know what you decide.
 The youngest Gilbert. This is an intriguing surprise.
 Yeah, yeah, the moonstone. It's very popular today.
 
 I hate to interrupt, 
 Don't worry, I know that he's wearing his ring, so no matter how many times I kill him, he'll just keep coming back for more. So, I'm going to be in the back playing with my new little toy. 
 Ohhh, something's happening.
 Maybe she is.
 Yes, please because I'm still in here!
 Ahhh, that's too bad, I'm still hungry.
 That right there was the biggest mistake you've ever made.
 You two are surprisingly calm, considering Klaus will hunt you down and kill you if you mess with his little plan.
 So we're fasting now? We're so pious. How long have you actually gone without blood? I know you get desiccation in theory, Stefan, but in reality, it's much worse. Your heart still beats, struggling to pump whatever blood remains. When it's gone, your veins rub together like sand paper. It's excruciating.
 It's stuffy, and I've been in this dress for days. You want to help me get out of it? Come on, Stefan. Don't be such a grump.
 We're here together. May as well make the best out of it.
 You really think Damon is gonna rush to get you out? He's got what he wants  Elena.
 Given what's most certainly going out there, I'd say you're free to do whatever you want in here. Nobody will ever know.
 Maybe I can do eternity in here after all.
 Are we seriously not going to talk at all?
 What do you want me to say, Stefan? That I'm sorry for everything that I've done? Well I'm not, okay? It's called self-preservation. I've been looking out for myself for 500 years.
 Yes, I've done terrible things. I know that, but I do love you, Stefan. Even if you don't believe it.
 And then what? You're still gonna hate me.
 You're playing me.
 You want to find Klaus? Kill him so that you can protect your precious Elena?
 No, I don't, but I could help you find him.
 Start with Isobel, Elena's mother. She was a research expert. She found me.
 You're welcome.
 Elijah.
 Stefan, no. Please don't let him leave me in here.
 I sent Stefan to find Isobel.
 Does Stefan know that you're here right now?
 I want out of this tomb, John.
 What is it you want, Damon?
 Really. Why?
 Touching.
 And you want to know if it's true. If it was, I wouldn't tell you.
 Klaus, yes. Elijah, no. He's compelled me to stay in here. If he dies, I'm stuck forever.
 Forget it, Damon. Killing Elijah would be a suicide mission. You can't do it.
 Can't.
 No. Damon, if you kill Elijah, then I'm stuck in here forever.
 Just get me out of here first and then I'll help you. I'll...I'll help you kill Elijah or...or protect Elena. Whatever you want.
 That's not true. I'll stay. Damon, please just don't do it.
 I've told you nothing.
 Hello, Damon. Hey, do you have a robe?
 I knew that if I begged you not to kill Elijah, that's exactly what you'd do. Little known fact...Originals can compel vampires. But as soon as they die, the compulsion wears off.
 And I'm still here. I didn't run. I meant what I said, Damon. I'm going to help you.
 So...How about that robe?
 Good morning, Damon.
 What is your problem?
 You think I'm Katherine? Why would you think that? Katherine's in the tomb! Isn't she?
 I don't know, you tell me. Is Katherine in the tomb or not?
 Stop what? It's getting really easy being you.
 He's an Original. They have all sorts of special skills.
 You need me, Elena. You all do.
 We all want the same thing...Klaus dead. Yet here you all are, running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
 And that's incredibly stupid of you. Do you know where Klaus is? When he's coming, what he looks like?
 Fine. Then I'll just go to the Grill and have some lunch...maybe Aunt Jenna's free for a bite.
 Mmm, burning flesh. If you're trying to get the dagger back, you're wasting your time. He's indestructible.
 Spent 500 years running from one.
 Oh, there's so many rules. It's all very confusing.
 Did Elijah tell you his plan? Did he have a dagger to kill Klaus with?
 Because you haven't forcibly removed me.
 You wouldn't.
 Damon, be smart. I want Klaus dead just as much as you do. More. If I wasn't be honest about helping, I'd be long gone by now, okay? You can hate me. But we want the same thing. And you know...I always get what I want.
 I wanted out of the tomb. Didn't matter who paid the price. Of course I knew that you'd die.
 What you up to?
 We're pouting now? Are those the Gilbert journals?
 How am I supposed to help you if you won't tell me what you're up to?
 No.
 If it's any consolation, I'm glad that you're not dead.
 Emily Bennett told me about the massacre. It was a big deal in witch folklore. When a witch dies violently, they release a mystical energy marking the place of their death with power.
 What was he going to do when he found it?
 For the last time, I'm here to help. Can we skip the secrets, hmm?
 I'm bored.
 "Emily Bennett was taken by the Council today. They kidnapped her from her home and took her to the same location her ancestors were burned a hundred years ago." So Emily died on the site of the massacre, too. Does it say where?
 Mm-hmm.
 I have no reason to lie to you, Damon.
 I'm hungry.
 Damon!
 Damon....
 What the hell?!
 Is that how you treat someone who...
 ...is trying to help you?
 I'd love to, but you're not going to like it.
 Fine. John Gilbert and Isobel want you and Stefan out of Elena's life.
 Not the part where he offered me a deal. He knew that killing Elijah would get me out of the tomb, so he gave me a choice. Either I stay and help with Klaus, or he kills Stefan.
 Right. That was part of the deal. I could only save one of you.
 You wanted the truth, Damon. Would you rather I lie?
 Where are you going?
 I'm coming with you.
 Wait.
 I know what we can do, Damon. You have to let me do it.
 You're welcome.
 Yes, we did.
 I'm guessing you're going to want this back. But your pretty little outfit is going to need a good dry clean.
 Is that all you have to say to me?
 I don't much like you, either, if we're going to be open and frankly, I'd be happy to see you dead but if we're going to try to take on Klaus, we kinda need you to be alive. So I'm not a threat to you, Elena. If any of you are going to believe anything, believe that.
 What's that?
 She was a loose end. I like mine tied up. You know what I can't figure out?
 Why you won't tell me where to find the site of the witch massacre.
 You knew that Emily Bennett was the key to getting me out of that tomb and something tells me that you did everything in your power to make sure that she was safe, yet you have no idea where she was killed. Who's the liar now? You hurt me today.
 You were mean and very rough and monstrous.
 I like this, Damon.
 I don't think that you should tell her that I'm here.
 It's better if she and John not know that I stayed in town after I got out of the tomb.
 I did what I had to get out of the tomb. Now I'm reconsidering my alliance.
 I know that I want Klaus dead, which puts me squarely on team you. Besides, if you two ever need me to swap places with Elena again, the less people know that I'm here, the better. Think about it, Stefan. Come on. Be smart.
 Nice house.
 I hear you've been busy.
 He's tasty.
 So what was with the surprise visit to the Gilbert house?
 You have obviously got John wrapped around your finger if he invited you in the house.
 So tell me what you know.
 Klaus and his witches.
 I can get the moonstone.
 I was more than willing to play it their way if I had to, but they're floundering. Their witch has lost her powers, and they've used their only weapon to kill Elijah. If I stick with them, I'm dead. You showing up changes everything.
 Don't get quiet on my account. If you have a plan to combat the impending vampire doom, please do tell.
 Seriously, what is the plan to get us out of this mess, hmm? I delivered you a moonstone, a werewolf, and the dagger to lure and kill Klaus, and right now all you have is a moonstone. Or so you tell me.
 Where is it?
 I've been honest with you. Time to return the favor.
 Fine. Be that way.
 Nice dress. Mind if I borrow it?
 I'm calling Damon.
 It's Isobel, Damon. It's gotta be.
 You've got some serious explaining to do to the Council about John being not so dead.
 I'm sorry, Stef, but I can't have you following me.
 I'm at your house, but we have to hurry. Damon knows your lodging tricks. It will take him all of 20 minutes to find out where you're staying.
 Good. How far are you?
 He? He who?
 Alaric?
 Klaus!
 The dark colors suit you better.
 The dagger was used to kill Elijah. You'll find him in the basement of the Salvatore house.
 Don't forget you're on the outs with your girlfriend Jenna.
 That's it.
 Please, just...kill me. I've told you everything that I know.
 They were trying to see if Bonnie could find a way to kill an Original without a dagger.
 She doesn't or didn't. I don't know. You kidnapped me, remember? I'm kinda out of the loop.
 Please, just kill me, Klaus, and be done with it.
 Where are you going?
 That's terrible.
 He's the local vampire hunter.
 Hello.
 Pleasure, my lord.
 Where is he going?
 Are you sure that's a good idea, Klaus?
 And why would you do that here? There's so many people that would try to stop you.
 I didn't realize that was a requirement.
 She won't run. She'll die before she lets anyone that she loves get hurt.
 So where is this mysterious host I've heard so much about?
 I'm new to town, my lord.
 Very good.
 Thank God.
 Unfortunately not.
 What are you doing here?
 Is that...?
 It's not going to undo anything.
 No.
 Give it to me.
 I didn't think you could stand a chance against Klaus, so I was looking out for myself.
 You have to chase me!
 You're meant to catch me.
 Thank you for entertaining me.
 Klaus promised to spend the day with me, but he never returned home from the night.
 He is a very charming man. Hard for anyone to resist, I suppose.
 I know not why he courts me. He seems to not care about me at all.
 Is it wrong to want more?
 Trevor believes that he loves me, but true love is not real unless it's returned. Do you agree?
 That is too sad for me to accept, my lord. Life is too cruel. If we cease to believe in love, why would we want to live?
 What has happened?
 Why so grumpy?
 Do you want a drink?
 Come on. It might loosen you up.
 Look who's dumb enough to come back.
 Are you trying to get me killed?
 Get blamed for what?
 Why? What are you going to do?
 No. You can't interfere, Damon. Klaus will kill you and everyone you've ever met.
 No. No way.
 Right. Except that I'm not the vampire he's planning on sacrificing.
 Yeah. He's got Caroline Forbes and Tyler Lockwood. Therefore, I'm in the clear.
 Hey! Hey, hey, hey, I'm just trying to stay alive long enough to get myself out of here.
 What?!
 The tomb. He's got them in the tomb.
 Everything okay?
 Making coffee. Do you want some?
 Making coffee.
 But I'll burn.
 I don't know.
 What are you doing? Where's Elena?
 Hey. Damon. Hey. Damon!
 He's gone. He went to do the ritual. I'm sorry. I had to. He would have known that I was on vervain if I didn't do it.
 Klaus. He made me call her to lure her out. He needed another vampire.
 He couldn't. Damon, he said you were as good as dead.
 What does that mean?
 What is this, Damon?
 So that's what a werewolf bite looks like.
 It's not that bad.
 So that's it? You're just...going to die?
 145 years and no last good-bye?
 No. Don't leave mad.
 Klaus made me call Jenna to lure her out. There was nothing that I could do. I didn't have a choice.
 It was her or me. I chose her.
 I didn't let love get in the way.
 What are you going to do?
 He won't take you. He saw your bite, he said that your blood is impure. I'm sorry, Damon. But Jenna's dead, there's nothing you can do about it.
 Mr. Salvatore, spying on a lady is a sign of very poor manners.
 But since you are here, my corset strings seem to be knotted. I wonder if you can undo them.
 Will you miss me while off defending the South?
 Then I hope you will hurry back. I fear I will be lonely with you away.
 Is it so wrong for me to want you both?
 Promise me that you will return quickly.
 Two days, I've been waiting. I'm supposed to be free of Klaus' compulsion by now. He's supposed to be dead!
 Complications?
 Klaus, you're back. Look who decided to come for a visit.
 He's just trying to help his brother.
 Aah! Aah! No. No...No. No. No.
 Everywhere!
 You're faster than I thought.
 Because I know that you will chase.
 I will not feed you, Damon. If you want it, take it.
 It is your choice to make.
 I promise. It will be our little secret.
 You want me to leave?
 Well, it's me you should be thanking.
 I mean, I'm the one who brought the cure.
 I thought you were dead.
 Yep. Finally.
 I owed you one.
 Are you sure you care?
 He's paying for this.
 He gave himself over to Klaus. I wouldn't expect him anytime soon.
 He just sacrificed everything to save his brother, including you. It's a good thing you have Damon to keep you company. Good-bye, Elena. Oh. It's okay to love them both. I did.
 You miss me?
 Lurking outside your window, pining away.
 I'm homesick. What have I missed?
 And what about you? I'm sure now that you've given up on your brother, you're plotting some sort of way of moving in on his girlfriend.
 Hmm.
 A hybrid who wants me dead and his sidekick who's off the rails? I couldn't be further away.
 All I know is that Klaus pitched a fit once his hybrids didn't work. Now he's looking for some answers.
 Spend 500 years running, and there will be a few people along the way that are looking out for you.
 Maybe, maybe not. I'm conflicted.
 I'm always right. Let me guess...it ended in tears and heartbreak?
 Why? Do you want to come rub sunscreen on my back?
 Keep guessing, Damon. Bye-bye.
 You two look chummy. Klaus your new bestie?
 Happy to know that you still care. So tell me if I'm wrong...Rebekah's necklace that Klaus is looking for...That's the necklace that you gave to Elena.
 Hey, hey. Wait. You're up to something, tell me...
 Please, tell me you have a better plan than that.
 You do. Come on, Stefan. You're not the diabolical type. Whatever you're planning, it's not going to work.
 Uh-huh. I forgot. You're bad now. Don't get too cocky. Klaus is smarter than you. He's smarter than everyone. And I've heard about that sister. Be careful. She'll ruin you.
 This is creepy.
 Maybe you do need my help, after all.
 I've been thinking about your diabolical plan.
 Well, you must know that Klaus is too paranoid to ever fully trust you. But the sister, she loves you like it was yesterday. She's the easier mark. But you can't just pretend to care, because Klaus will know better, so you do the opposite. You bond with him; make her feel left out. That will only make her want you more.
 The only question is why, Stefan? I mean, I get it, you want to keep Klaus away from Mystic Falls, but...What else do you expect to get from it?
 Oh, come on, Stefan, we're beyond that. I saved you from Hilda the high voodoo priestess.
 A Hunter. I heard stories about him centuries ago.
 If you're planning on making a move against Klaus...I want in.
 Stefan...
 Hey there.
 I just saw Jeremy. He said that you still have my necklace?
 I know. But I just...I feel weird without it. The whole Stefan of it all.
 What?
 You're kidding.
 Are you two lovebirds fighting already?
 I'm just a girl looking for a partner in crime. Feel like hitting the road? Getting the hell out of dodge?
 Is that a yes? I'll drive.
 Away from here. That's all I'm going to give you for right now. But believe me...it's good.
 Are you hungry? Let's stop for a bite. A truck stop. Or a trucker.
 It's not possible.
 Far enough away so that you can't go running back.
 You and Mystic Falls, or you and Elena?
 Ooh. Let me guess...Elena wants you to be the hero, and you don't like playing pretend.
 Her loss.
 What are you doing?
 Why are we stopping?
 Fine.
 Hey! I...
 Fine.
 Do you recognize this, hmm? A little birdy told me that Klaus wants to get his hands on it.
 Does it matter? He wants it, and I have it. It's leverage, Damon. Always stay one step ahead of your enemy.
 But more importantly, when I stole the necklace from Bonnie, I found out something else...Something better.
 Are you willing to do whatever it takes to stop Klaus? No turning back?
 Good. Because this isn't going to win you any points at home.
 What if I told you there was a way to kill Klaus? And not Dagger dead. Dead dead.
 Do you remember my friend Pearl?
 Centuries ago, she told me about a vampire who knew how to kill Klaus. Then she wouldn't tell me any more.
 Because it was her leverage. She knew it was valuable information, and wouldn't share it with me.
 Which is why I never brought it up. Because she only ever told one other person.
 Her daughter. Anna.
 Which brings us right back around to...
 I think that your witchy girlfriend's worried that you've run away with your ghostly lover.
 My advice? If you want to make an omelet, you have to break a few eggs.
 Mikael. Is that his name?
 Hello!
 Mm-hmm.
 Oh, stop pouting. He took one for the team. Everyone back home will thank you once Klaus is dead.
 Do you need to check in with Elena? Make sure it's okay you pummeled her little baby bro?
 What can I say? I needed you present here and now.
 No turning back, Damon.
 Hey, look at the big picture. The best shot at taking out Klaus is by finding Mikael.
 You're going to get yourself killed. The Damon I remember wouldn't have been that stupid.
 How do you know that Anna wasn't tricking you?
 Come on, Mikael, breakfast.
 Mm, yummy. Mikael, wake up!
 What?
 Odd, that's exactly how long I've been ignoring you.
 Sort of. He's a little bit out of commission. He won't eat.
 And I've tried everything...Gravediggers, mourners, mice, rats, bats. He's just not interested.
 Fine. I'll give it another shot.
 You need blood.
 Happy?
 I remember you. Chicago, 1920s. You were looking for Klaus.
 You're not so scary for a...badass vampire vampire Hunter.
 I thought you might know how to kill Klaus. But something tells me that I've been sorely misinformed.
 Does that you mean you do know how to kill him?
 A little blood will grease those muscles up real quick. Just saying...
 Then what do you eat?
 So much for Homecoming...
 There's Caroline. She doesn't know anything. Act normal.
 I've learned not to be surprised by anything Klaus does. I'm gonna go find Bonnie.
 Getting me a drink.
 He came at me. I didn't have a choice.
 It wasn't the first time.
 I'm not nervous. I just don't like you.
 No, Klaus. He'll do it.
 
 I'm just calling to say goodbye. I don't know what to tell you. You had a good plan Damon. And that's high praise coming from me.
 At least my life is not boring. Goodbye, Damon.
 He doesn't know where it all went wrong...
 Are you good from here? I need to put about a million miles between myself and Klaus as soon as possible. Stefan?
 Stefan!
 Not exactly...
 I'm not nervous, I just don't like you.
 It won't be for lack of trying.
 I didn't. I was just hoping that you would want to...
 If Klaus gets killed he is taking Damon down with him.
 And face the wrath of Mikael? We'll all be dead! Okay look. I know that you've turned off your humanity and that you don't care, so there's only one solution.
 Care, Stefan. Care enough to safe Damon's life. Because I am going back to that party and I'm seeing this plan through. Klaus will be killed. We'll have our freedom. But then Damon will be dead. Your brother will be dead, Stefan. Unless you care enough to do something about it.
 I wasn't just trying to safe Damon's life, Stefan. I was trying to safe yours. Your humanity. Let's just say I liked the "old you" better.
 You and I both know that that is not true. I loved you, I've loved Damon, too. Humanity is a vampire's greatest weakness...No matter how easy it is to turn it off- it just keeps trying to fight it's way back in. Sometimes I let it.
 Of course you don't want to. But if you don't let yourself feel, you won't be able to do what I need you to do next.
 Get mad.
 Then how about you and I have a little chat.
 Did you miss me?
 Don't you ever stop crying? Poor Elena, always the victim. Except now you're a killer. What does Stefan think of the new you?
 The girl he fell in love with is gone, you know. You're like me now, maybe worse.
 No, you can't. You're a vampire. You'll kill again, it'll change you and it'll keep changing you until you're just like me.
 I was you before you even existed. And when Stefan knew the real me, he hated me. And now he's gonna hate you too. 
 You were such a good girl when you were human. Always willing to sacrifice yourself for your friends; except weren't they usually the ones that ended up getting hurt?
 Bonnie lost her Grams because of you. Her mom was turned into a vampire because of you. You know, she probably secretly hates you. Did you ever think of that? I bet she'd be relieved if you were gone.
 Ugh, why not? Your very existence brings people nothing but pain. I mean, maybe it was worth it when you were worth it, but you're nothing now. You're a monster, Elena. You deserve to die.
 You can't take back what you did. It can never be undone. You're a monster. You deserve to die.
 Come on. We gotta get you up.
 Okay. I just need to make sure that you're okay first.
 
 God, I forgot what a brat you were.
 I'm done playing nice.
 It's been too long, little Gilbert.
 Sorry. Family reunion is gonna have to be cut short.
 I'm impressed. I never thought you'd find me here. 
 What? No "I'm here to avenge my annoying little brother" speech?
 After turning off our humanity switch. So sad for the boys, though. Their special snowflake of human frailty...gone. Well, if we're gonna be a while, I'm gonna go grab some menus.
 
 
 
 Why do you two want it, anyway?
 I've spend the last five hundred years running from your big brother. I have no intention of being within sniffing distance of him. But, since it can be used against him, I'm sure he's just itching to get his hands on it. I give him the cure, he gives me my freedom.
 I have no reason to screw you over.
 I know you don't believe me, but it is the truth. People change. I'm not the girl you think I am.
 I don't have it on me.
 
 
 That's my daylight bracelet. It's daytime outside. I'm gonna need it. Besides, it's not gonna work on you.
 All right, fine. Fine, fine.
 This will never work, you know. The bad haircut, the doe eyes. You'll never pass for me.
 You two are pathetic.
 You know you can't split the cure with Elena, right?
 Oh, no? But you do, you want to take it? Are you really that dumb or just naturally blonde?
 You mean you want a do-over. Well, guess what. You can't have it. The cure will only take away your immortality. Everything else you hate about yourself, you'll still wake up with that in the morning. And you won't even be able to compel yourself a friend.
 There goes the neighborhood.
 I can give you a hint. Start by looking at the town morgue. She's probably dead. 
 Oh, when I say friend, I mean friend.
 It probably took him about ten seconds to realize that she wasn't me, at which point he probably yanked her heart right out of her chest.
 No, she won't. The cure is my one chance to win my freedom back from Klaus.
 Fine. 
 It's gone. The cure, it was in the safe, but it's not there.
 I swear it was in the safe.
 Maybe you don't know Katherine at all. Did it ever occur to you that you have no idea who I really am?
 
 You're gonna kill me anyway. So what's more important to you, huh? Killing me or getting the cure?
 Sorry. I got held up.
 Oh, come on. She could use a nap. It must be exhausting trying to be me.
 
 
 Don't let sweet little Elena get to you. She hates me. She wants you to turn against me and convince you that I can't be trusted.
 No. Of course you're not a means of survival. You looked out for me when I had no one. You're giving me a second chance now when no one else will. I love you. 
 
 I came to retrieve my package.
 It's my freedom.
 Wait.
 To tell you that you're right. I've spent so much time running and lying just to survive that I don't  I'm starting to believe my own lies. I don't even remember who I was when we first met. And I want to find out.
 Yeah. And I can shove this down Klaus' throat and try to kill him, but even if I manage to do it...I'd lose you. And I don't want that to happen.
 Because I meant what I said about my feelings for you. And I'd like to think that you feel something for me, too. I need you to trust me. I want you to trust me...Just like I'm trusting you. You don't owe me anything. I'm gonna let you decide where we go from here.
 
 Maybe I can provide a little excitement.
 The one and only...sort of. So, when's the Welcome Home party?
 Well, it doesn't matter anymore, because Klaus is gone.
 Let's just say that werewolf girl, Hayley, turned out to be just the thing we needed to get Klaus out of our lives  for good.
 He'll come around. You know Elijah  he won't stop until he's convinced Klaus to do the right thing.
 You're wrong. Klaus won't be able to walk away from this. He and I are the same. We manipulate, we thirst for power, we control, we punish, but our actions are driven by one, singular place deep inside.
 We're alone, and we hate it. Tell Elijah to call me when he comes home. I'll be waiting for him.
 She's right. Be smart, Elijah. Klaus is stark raving mad, not to mention completely irredeemable. Leave him to set off on this new adventure, and let's you and I go out on ours. I have lost so much of my life to Klaus. So have you. 
 Lying, scheming, and a secret rendezvous with moi? Not very Bonnie Bennett-y, especially when Elena needs her favorite witch.
 All right, well, luckily for you I've got some spare time on my hands. You said you have an offer that I can't refuse? Well, by all means-what do you have in mind?
 Okay, let me get this straight  you want me to hand over Silas' tombstone? What makes you think I even have it?
 So, you're working for Silas now, huh? Running errands for the big, bad immortal?
 Time for what?
 It's a hunk of rock. What do you even want with it?
 Okay then. How do I know that you're not him?
 And what makes you so sure that I'm not him?
 What's in it for me?
 What a beautiful sentiment.
 Sorry. I didn't realize we were standing on formalities.
 You didn't get the memo? I'm here to talk some sense into poor, emotionless Elena.
 Oh, honey, you look awful.
 Your boyfriends invited me. They wanna know if you still have a heart.
 There it is. Your bodyguards won't let me kill you, but I can rip your throat out so I don't have to listen to you whine.
 But first, satisfy my curiosity  what did you tell Elijah back in Willoughby?
 Tell me what you said to turn him against me, or I will feed you your own eyeballs.
 Yeah, I've done some pretty horrible things to survive, but unlike you-
 But I'd love to see you try.
 All that pain and torture, I've worked up quite a thirst.
 Did you ever think Elena would've been better off if she'd never met you?
 Mm, so romantic, so doomed to fail. You know, as soon as she goes back to her old self, she'll go straight to Stefan. That's the tragedy of you  you never get the girl.
 Oops. Did I forget to lock her in? Let's just say I've lost interest in Elena's recovery. I'd rather watch her tear through an orphanage. Imagine trying to come back from a spiral like that.
 I am perfectly aware that tombstone isn't just a hunk of rock.
 And it got me thinking, all big spells require a source of power, a recurring element, like...a full moon, a comet. But that tombstone is filled with the blood of your ancient relative Ket-soo-yay or whatever.
 She was powerful enough to create the Other Side, so maybe if you have her blood, you don't need a full moon to drop the veil. Maybe you can do it whenever you want. The thing I can't figure out is, why do you wanna drop the veil at all?
 And again I ask  what's in it for me?
 
 
 
 That still doesn't explain why you made me trudge through mud in 500-dollar boots.
 Thirteen, if you don't get to the point.
 And what exactly do you need?
 Let me guess  Qetsiyah.
 You're gonna flood Mystic Falls with dead, supernatural creatures so that you can "ask" a two thousand year old witch to do, not one, but two favors? 
 What the hell?
 Ugh, that Lockwood cellar reeks of wet dog. I'll be staying up here.
 You realize I'm not just some wandering child in a supermarket, right? I'm a vampire that can kill you.
 And what is here? Oh, right, 12 dead hybrids. This should be good.
 What did you do?
 The fact that this spell hinges on some crappy hunk of blood-rock does little to inspire my confidence.
 What is happening?
 Tick-tock, Bonnie.
 Bonnie. Did you hear that? Someone's coming.
 I have vampire hearing, Bonnie, and there's someone here. Unlink me so that I can go stall them while we wait for Qetsiyah to show up.
 Then at least give me some slack.
 Silas...come and get me...
 I let you out of your cage, and this is how you thank me?
 No, wait - please!
 
 Really? I'm your biggest problem right now?
 I don't think red's really your color, Bon-Bon.
 Funny you should mention death, because I'm here to collect that immortality you've promised me.
 See, here's the thing,  Bonnie  I can't disagree with you, because I have been feeling out of luck lately. But you know who has been getting all of my luck? My beloved doppelgänger, Elena. My shadow-self is living a better life than I am, so if I don't get that immortality, I may just have to get rid of her altogether.
 Go ahead. Make your move.
 Happy graduation, cupcake.
 Would you believe I'm having a bad day?
 It started when Bonnie denied me my Silas-like immortality.
 I deserved it. I never had a graduation, or a prom, or, you know, a life. But you did.
 You have everything, and it's not because you're a good little girl who deserves happiness, it's because you stole mine.
 I'll admit, that was nasty.
 I have nothing. 
 
 Bye-bye, little girl.
 It's been a long summer, Damon.
 You're gonna have to cut me off soon. My tolerance is a joke now. It's just so...glorious.
 Please. I'm Katherine Pierce – I'm a survivor.
 I can't, okay? No one's ever taken the cure before. If I die, there's a good chance I may never wake up.
 And deep down, in that mushy-gushy Elena-loving heart, there's a part of you that doesn't want me to die.
 Salvatore residence. Hello, Principal Weber, this is Elena. Oh, dear. We'll find him.
 So Jeremy's been expelled. Elena will be cool with that, right?
 Wait, Damon. There's someone chasing me.
 Damon, you don't understand. I have enemies everywhere. What happens when word gets out that I'm a human? I can't protect myself! I'm weak and I'm slow – do you have any idea what it's like to run in heels? I have blisters, Damon! Please, just...help me.
 Why aren't you?
 Mmm, he flirts. I like Elena-less Stefan.
 I think you just accidentally gave me a compliment.
 Where are we going?
 Are you deaf? I said where are we going?
 What? No!
 What are you doing? Jeremy, stop! You can't take me back there, Jeremy. Damon wouldn't just hand me over. Silas clearly got in his head.
 "It's been a long summer, Damon."
 "Do you have any idea what it's like to run in heels? I have blisters!"
 Thank you so much for stopping.
 Actually, I'm much prettier.
 Agh! Damn it!
 
 Are these ropes really necessary?
 You were gonna hand me over to Silas to get Stefan back. I was just protecting myself.
 Don't play the hero. You two are just waiting for the convenient time to hand me back over to him. I've done this a thousand times. I get it. I'm the leverage; I'm that thing that everybody wants. I'm the freaking moonstone.
 Ugh. Thank God, we're stopping. If I can only get out of the car...
 Ugh, but I'm dying back here.
 Then maybe I can get out of the car because I need to pee? Like, in a bathroom. Like a lady.
 My throat is really scratchy, and my head hurts, like, right here 
 
 Please. I wouldn't even know how to use it. I've never shot a gun in my life. Didn't need to — I was much more deadly.
 I survived childbirth, the death of my entire family and five hundred years of running from an immortal hybrid. You can understand why I'm a little upset that I'm on the verge of being defeated by a sinus infection.
 Where are you going?
 Wait. How do you think I survived 500 years? It wasn't because I was a vampire — it's because I never looked back. Don't be dumb — survive.
 I figured it out.
 Welcome back to the land of the living.
 I shot him. So, we're even. No more whining. Let's go. Silas won't be down for long.
 I am the leverage, I am that thing that everybody wants.
 My throat is really scratchy, and my head hurts, like, right here. When I cough, it's green. So get me some stuff for all that.
 Please.
 Route 29. Joe's bar.
 I think I had the exact same dream.
 Shotgun. What? I get carsick in the back seat. Another charming, human side effect you stuck me with.
 Do you really think that I wanna take a road trip with you, America's most boring, self-righteous vampire? Just remember, Damon wouldn't have to play bodyguard if you hadn't shoved that cure down my throat.
 I will admit, though, I take great pleasure knowing that you wasted your one shot at a human life on me.
 I wanna find Stefan just as much as you do, and not just because I don't wanna be a pawn that you can trade off for his life. I care about him—I always have. And since we've been having the same dream...makes me think you care about him just as much.
 Me, too.
 I'm just trying to make conversation. Anything to drown out the sound of eggshells breaking. So, Elena, I couldn't help but overhear. You've been dreaming about Stefan all summer? That must be really stressful on a new relationship, especially when you're having those kinds of dreams lying in bed next to his brother.
 Oh, no, yeah, sure. I totally get it. There's still a connection between you two. Maybe deep down you know that he was your one true love and breaking up with him was a big mistake.
 Or maybe Stefan's been trying to reach out to you all summer, but you've been too distracted with Damon to help him so he reached out to the person that he trusts—me.
 Nah. You're probably right. Elena and I had the exact same dream on the exact same night. Why would that mean something?
 
 I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm really glad it's you. My leg is cramping and I'm freezing. Do you mind if I, uh—can I borrow your sweater?
 Why didn't you kill me?
 No, I mean, after you shoved the cure down my throat. I was trying to kill you. Why didn't you finish me off?
 Or maybe you thought that being human was punishment worse than death for me.
 Well...thank you. I'm glad to know that you care, even if you are a condescending bitch.
 Not necessary.
 Sorry to sound like a broken record, but I like to know the identity of my kidnappers. Who are you and what do you want?
 Silas. Of course it's you.
 What are you two talking about?
 Seriously, what is going on?
 Fine. I was snooping. Trying to find a passport, or a business card, or maybe even a parking ticket, because you won't tell me who you are.
 For food, not packaged poison.
 Enough with the games, Silas. What do you want with me?
 I don't know what you're talking about, but if I'm nothing but a gag reflex to you, why not cut me loose, and then we could call it a day?
 Little tip, woman to woman  don't piss off the diabolical ones, and if you're gonna hold me hostage, the least you can do is feed me properly. 
 Or just hand me over, let him take his little sip of my blood so that he can cure himself of immortality, and we can all be on our merry way back to finer accommodations.
 Indulge me. What's the whole story?
 But I'm human now. If he did that, then 
 Why would I tell you anything?
 Really? My freedom in exchange for a little Q & A? Hmm. Okay.
 Was there? I'm bad with dates.
 I was running from Klaus. I needed to jet solo. I threw a couple of vampire names on the hit list. Sue me. I also impersonated a teenager to get my ex-boyfriends to make out with me, staged a fake fight to trigger my lover's werewolf curse, ooh, and I chopped off this douchey guy's fingers with a butcher knife once. That was cool.
 What are you getting at?
 I go to Paris for shoes. The shoes, I remember. Everything else requires a few more details.
 You were never gonna let me go, were you?
 There you are. Having trouble getting that out? I grazed your heart on purpose.
 I do. I want to know why you made up that fake story about your mom.
 I knew it was a fake story. By 1645, I'd been running from Klaus for a century and a half. There was no way any of his minions would have mistaken anyone for me, but you know how my brain works, right? So, you must have known that I wouldn't have fallen for that sob story.
 What kind of sick game are you playing?
 
 No...
 Or he won't. You're the one who said it. I'm pretty good at dodging the diabolical ones. Besides, Silas doesn't need me until he figures out how to destroy the Other Side. If he cures himself before then, he goes back to being a witch. He dies as a witch, well...
 Because by 1498, I'd escaped, ditched the people that were chasing me, and found my way back to Bulgaria. I searched every village, every cottage, but I couldn't find you.
 Yes, Nadia. I went back for you. 
 What's so urgent? I'm on the run. 
 Damon, no.
 Agh! No! 
 Am I in hell?
 I'm celebrating. I thought I was gonna die. I didn't. So now I'm free to be whatever I want to be. 
 Um, we're moving out?
 That sucks. 
 I just need a place to crash.
 I'm desperate, okay? Damon kicked me out, Stefan doesn't remember me and I just spent my last $20 on a meal that I didn't even get to enjoy.
 Look at you. Moving out, giving up? It's very un-Caroline of you. You need me. Bad.
 In exchange for a place to stay, and Elena's meal card, I will help you deal with Dr. Whoever.
 
 I don't know. It just said "avoid contact with eyes..." 
 There ya go.
 That's about right.
 Just round up...
 Give me. It's not my first rodeo.
 Can you hand me one of those tubey things, and, um some tape?
 Ta da! 
 So all I have to do is convince them that Elena Gilbert isn't a vampire? Done.
 You know me?
 Of course. Crazy night. Anyway, I am here for the shindig.
 Did I forget to RSVP? Sorry, I've just been so busy with my studies.
 Got any food?
 What? Are you the sandwich police?
 Do I know you?
 Aaron. Duh. Hi! So, what are you doing here? Are you apart of 
 You know, 
 Either you're genuinely clueless or you're very good at keeping secrets.
 
 Mystery. I listened to about half before I nearly blew my brains out from boredom except for the part about your subject's blood being abnormal. That part was mildly interesting.
 Now that subject, 62547, right? Is that the Augustine vampire?
 Heh. And do what? Sprinkle all of your dirty little secrets across campus, like Augustine and all the vampire experiments that you've been doing? Come on, Dr. Wes. Aren't you supposed to be some sort of genius? I'm sure we can come up with some creative solution for our little predicament.
 Actually, my name is Katherine. Elena is my doppelgänger, and while I let you chew on that I'll admit there is something that I can't solve on my own. 
 It's my tooth. I think I'm dying, and I need you to save my life.
 So, what am I looking at here, hmm, blood clot, tumor, what?
 My hair is going gray and my teeth are falling out. I'm not sure what that suggests, but it's definitely not health.
 Personality. Now tell me exactly what the hell is going on with me.
 What?
 
 How much quicker?
 Are you kidding me?
 She's my stylist. 
 So...What do you want?
 Yeah. I've been a busy girl doing busy things.
 Yeah? Well, I've decided to live a little. Now, may I be excused, scary vampire daughter?
 Clearly.
 Okay. First of all, I never abandoned you. You were snatched out of my arms at birth because my father thought I was a knocked-up, shameful slut, and second of all, it's been five hundred years. Do we really have to do this whole mother-daughter bonding thing? Estrangement is so much easier, don't you think?
 Wonderful. Now that Katherine's a human and fragile, everyone thinks that they can just boss her around. 
 Oh, yes, we are.
 The cute one's here.
 Let's be clear. I don't care about Bonnie Bennett or the Other Side going away or Elena getting her best friend back.
 I had the cure you created running through my veins, and when Silas sucked it out of me, I started aging faster than normal. So basically, I'm dying, and I need you to fix me. 
 Thank you.
 It's a magic spell book. 
 
 Showoff.
 Is it done?
 I can't see anything. Can you?
 Tessa's stupid non-surgical incision won't stop bleeding.
 Nothing. Just another tragic side effect from taking the cure. Apparently the universe just doesn't want me to heal from vampire blood. Stupid universe. Find me that damn witch so she can finish that spell!
 Okay, I'm ready. Let's do this.
 Hilarious. But see, I'm not getting any younger, so spell away.
 Excuse me?
 No. NO! 
 NO! No.
 Your room's full. Got it. I'll just get my stuff.
 Enough. I killed you once, don't forget. We still hate each other, okay?
 Where the hell is my bag?
 You again.
 I don't know what kind of twisted fantasy you have about us, but that's all it is—a fantasy. I would rather rip my own heart out than do more mother-daughter bonding with you. And I'm human now, so it wouldn't really be that easy. I don't want to know you.
 I'm doing you a favor, Nadia. Okay? I can't be there for you. So take a good look, because you are never gonna see me again.
 
 You realize that every single time you say no, it just makes you hotter, right?
 Eye contact. We're getting started.
 Okay. What the hell am I looking at here?
 Oh, dear. This is bad.
 Some guy named Kristof, he, um  he activated you.
 He's a Traveler. Travelers are a faction of witches. They're big on spirit possession. You've got one inside of you. It's kind of like a human parasite that's hitching a ride in your brain.
 That girl, the one that followed you back from Prague, was she, um, I don't know, feisty, a little accent, ridiculously beautiful?
 You could say that.
 Hey stranger! 
 Hey! Come on! Please. Just have one drink with me? Please. Stefan, I've had a bad...
 See? The universe at work. I don't know if you know this, but our doppelgänger stars are fated to be together. So, like it or not, you're going to end up with someone who looks like me. Although, the universe seems to have all of its eggs in the Elena basket; but at this point, I don't really blame it. 
 Other than the joint pain, the receding gums, and the fact that I have to pee every five minutes, I'm dandy. But hey! Enough about me. Why are you all by your lonesome?
 Oooohh. Classic PTSD. You survived a pretty traumatic event, and now you're back, and you've got nothing but free time to just relive that terrible experience in the safe. Well, allow me to give your life purpose. Help me with one little favor?
 I'm just trying to help. What would I know about post-traumatic stress? I only had my newborn ripped from my arms by my judgmental father. Then, I had to run five hundred years after my entire family had been slaughtered by a psychopath, but hey! That didn't have any lingering side-effects.
 Stefan, I'd like you to meet Nadia Petrova, my daughter.
 Take a seat, Matt.
 She's calling on Matt's passenger.
 Hello, Gregor. I'm Nadia's mother. It's a pleasure to finally meet you.
 Here's the thing. Nadia is my only child. So naturally, I'm suspicious of anyone who wants to date her. Why don't you tell us the real reason why you're in Mystic Falls?
 Hmmm. So, it has absolutely nothing to do with this?
 I didn't see that one coming.
 See why I don't want you dating my daughter? Because Travelers are ruthless, manipulative, hypocrites. I know 
 Give it a rest. Matt will be fine. Gregor, on the other hand, not so much. I just expelled his spirit. There's a reason why he wanted this knife so badly. It's the only thing that will truly kill a passenger.
 There you are.
 Stefan, you're okay. Relax.
 You have two options, Stefan. You either deal with this now, or you run, but either way, it's gonna catch up to you. 
 Stefan, tell me the name of the first person that you kill...ahh...killed. Mmm. Name him.
 And the next? 
 See? You're in control, on solid ground. You're not drowning. You're not dying. Name them.
 See? I told you I knew what I was doing.
 You deserve better, Nadia.
 
 
 I told you  You either face your problems, or you run. I chose option three.
 I'm dying, Stefan. I'm dying of old age. I don't know. The cure did something to speed up the entire mortifying process.
 "Dear diary, so here I am alive. Stefan saved me from killing myself. Now he's got me on suicide watch. He says it would be therapeutic for me to write down my feelings about the fact that I'm dying and there's nothing I can do about it. Deep thoughts, mortal coil, blah blah blah. My hand's tired."
 What kind of sentimental idiot writes down everything they feel? Is this what the prophecy meant when it said that all the doppelgängers were drawn together like magnets? Because if it is, I want my money back.
 Well, this whole neurotic granny vibe, doesn't exactly make me want to live. Do you really have nothing better to do than stand there all day and watch me write in cursive?
 And how are you going to do that? You know, since you're still having your little panic attacks?
 Yeah. Of course. You are the picture of mental health, Stefan, after being locked for three months in a safe, at the bottom of a quarry.
 I know. I mean, I heard you "dealing with it" earlier today in the library. It sounded like you freaked out and broke a chair, maybe even two. How are you supposed to help me stay alive if you can't even help yourself?
 No. It means I can't work with people who can't give me one hundred percent.
 And so, I may have called a backup.
 Did you ever, um...ahem...you know...? 
 Oh, come on, you know. 
 That wasn't exactly a yes...or a no.
 
 
 
 Acting like a school teacher isn't going to make him feel any better.
 You are right about one thing. He needs to get over the root of his problem. 'Cause right now the score if safe - one, Stefan - zero. So how do you help the guy that always comes to the rescue? Stefan's the hero. That's who he is at his core. He can't always come through for himself, but he can always come through for everyone else. 
 
 I got in here when you were unconscious, and then Caroline locked us inside. It was the only way.
 See? That's why I need you not to get mad at me because when you get mad, you get anxious and violent and you rip people's heads off, but I'm gonna help you fix that.
 That's the whole point, Stefan. You need to get over your PSTD triggers, okay? Or else you will kill me.
 I'm already dying, you idiot. You're the one who wants to keep me alive. It's my turn to help you now.
 
 
 
 Yes! So that I can show you that the safe isn't the problem.
 The problem is you're not facing you're real issues. The death you felt in the safe, the pain of dying over and over again? It's easier for you to focus on the physical pain than the emotional heartbreak of Elena leaving you. Your problem is you're not in touch with the reality of the moment, so let's bring you back to the present, shall we? 
 Fight it, Stefan, fight it! 
 It was an ugly chair. 
 
 
 Like right now...
 
 Oh, my God!
 Um, don't turn around.
 
 
 Uhn! Agh!
 What the hell happened to you?
 I haven't seen her, not that I've been looking.
 You know, he hasn't seen her either. I know because we were together all night.
 Why? What were you thinking? That our hot, naked bodies collided in one unforgettable night of passion?
 Great. Then my work here is done. Toodle. 
 I don't hear you counting.
 Good try? That was horrible, Matt. Come on. I'm paying you to make me hot again, whipe me into shape, and prolong this death thing as long as possible.
 What did you say? 
 Tried that. Every time I ingest vampire blood, my body rejects it. 
 Who is that? I can't see.
 Great. So, um, Stefan obviously gave you my suicide note. What's your point?
 
 
 It's not so much a matter of what as it is who. Can I ask you something, absentee mother to mildly abusive daughter? 
 Do you think after all the horrible things that I've done it would be possible to be forgiven?
 I'm listening.
 You didn't just propose spirit possession with a straight face.
 Hang on. I'm hardly a Traveler, okay? My father banned us from doing Traveler magic. 
 Yes! He lived on...in a busboy. Good idea, Nadia. Let's put my essence in some nobody. Thing is, Stefan actually likes this body.
 
 Look. Maybe I don't want to die a sad, lonely 538-year-old. If I have to bow out, knowing that Stefan still cares might not be the worst way to go.
 I'm getting wrinkles.
 
 I want to talk about last night.
 So talk.
 Did you memorize that from a textbook or something?
 I'm dying, Stefan.
 No. I'm in this for real, this time. 
 
 Good night, Stefan.
 
 So, do we have a deal? You'll find me a traveler that will teach me how to do do the spell?
 I'm a survivor. Staying alive is my specialty.
 I think Stefan believes that a part of me that can still be redeemed.
 Unh! 
 Ohh! 
 A girl?
 Please, mother...let me see her.
 Let me at least hold her once. At least once.
 Father, please. No. Father. No!
 No, mother, please.
 They're talking about me, aren't they?
 It's fine. I'm sure I deserve everything they're saying.
 Does my hand look wrinkled to you?
 If I start to sag, anywhere, you take a knife and you jam it into my carotid artery immediately. Okay?
 What?
 Hey. If a girl's gotta go, it may as well be glamorous, right? 
 You're being too nice to me. Why?
 No! Mama.
 Damon?
 Get out of my head.
 No. No. No.
 Didn't you hear sherrif? He was so afraid to dirty her white dove feathers that he let her little wings fly free. And it was all my fault. Oops.
 How much further until we reach this Lockwood plantation?
 Good.
 At this rate, we won't arrive until sundown. What does it matter if...
 Who is that? He's so handsome. What do you say, Emily? Think that gentleman's family take in a poor orphan girl from Atlanta?
 You never heard the real story of how I came to meet your brother. I want to think that this prophecy of the universe bringing the doppelgängers together is absurd, but the moment that I saw Stefan, I can't describe it...the out-of-the-way road, the downed tree, the broken down carriage. It just...sounded like fate to me.
 No! No!
 No! No! No more drugs!!
 Elijah...
 I can't.
 We don't have time for this. Nadia, letting my father rip you out of my arms...it was the biggest regret of my life. I should've fought harder to keep you, but I didn't. So I spent the next five hundred years making sure I didn't make that mistake again. I fought for everything   and in the process, I had a long, full life. And I got to know my beautiful daughter. You spent the last centuries searching for me.
 Don't waste another minute on me. It's your turn to live.
 Let me. I made selfish decisions all my life. Let me do the right thing for once.
 I want to see you.
 Damon already had his fun with this one. This was the worst day of my life. He said it was my fault; that I deserve everything bad that's ever happened to me. He's right...He was right, Stefan. I don't deserve to be loved.
 He's gone...What are you doing?
 Mother?
 No. Uh-uh. It's too soon. I can't!
 Ohh. I thought I was a goner there for a second. I still have unfinished business.
 Let me guess; hate, loathe, screw you, die bitch, et cetera.
 You what?
 Is this the "we're not so different, you and I" doppelgänger speech? 'Cause I'd be happy to skip it.
 Perfect.
 Good for you.
 Now, maybe you can help a girl out. Give me one more syringe. If anyone's going to plunge a needle in me one last time, it may as well be you. Symmetry...and all that.
 Elena. Thank you for your forgiveness.
 Jaryakat a zem. Daryeet acza.
 I'm here.
 Of course it worked. I'm Katherine Pierce...I survive. I'll see you soon.
 Hi. I'm Elena Gilbert.
 Guess who?
 Yep
 Well. It's a good day! We're alive.
 Yes, we are!
 Are you still drinking vervain?
 This is going to hurt me more than it's going to hurt you...
 Long story short, I'm Katherine. Not Elena.
 Not exactly... While you guys were all playing drinking games, toasting to what a horrible person I am, I was plotting a way to passenger myself into Elena's cute little head.
 Anyway.. I need a place to crash course on all things Elena Gilbert. She's in college now.. all grown up. And I figured, who knows her better than her compellable best friend?
 So. What do you think? How's my dress?
 It screams "safe and predictable." Am I right, or am I right?
 Take the fun right out of it, why don't you?
 Play along with my secret, Matty Pants. Would Elena wear this dress to party?
 Now.. let's talk honestly about the red thing that's happening in my hair.
 Hello! The hair... why did she dye it?
 But her humanity is back now.. perfect! It's gone.
 When's Elena's birthday?
 What's my address?
 I know! That was a trick question. Good job. Who do I like better, Bonnie or Caroline?
  Please say Caroline...
 Well.. that's a shocker. I just have one last question... It's very important because I'm going to need it later. How exactly did Elena Gilbert break up with you?
 My corpse? Could the travelers be any creepier?
 I know. I'd be dead... in my corpse. A corpse that some traveler says they need. Yeah.. you see how that's creepy.
 Look... I get it, okay. We have no idea when Elena's consciousness is going to pop out. Now, do you want to tell me what you're doing over there?
 So, I'm just going to be stuck in some hotel room, on a bed, while Damon Salvatore is leaving me voicemails? Remind me again how this is better than being dead.
 Ugh. Does that thing ever shut up?
 What happened?
 Wonderful. She's fighting.. It's only a matter of time before she comes out again. Did you get my body?
 Yeah.
 Stefan texted and asked if I was going to Tyler's party. Maybe I do go... convince everyone that Elena is alive and well and I casually ask him where Damon buried me.
 So come with me! Shove her back in if that happens.
 I've impersonated Elena a thousand times. I can mimic everything about her.
 OK! OK! I get your point. I gonna have to brush up on a few fun facts and I know exactly who could help us.
 Hi Matty.
 Matt...I mean, Matt.. I was just hoping that you could help me with something...
 It's okay. Go find some blonde to hit on.
 I'm good, thanks.
 Hey!
 Of course I'm alive.
 Wow... Stefan Salvatore is drinking beer from a cup. Do you want me to show you where Tyler keeps the Bourbon?
 Around... thinking.. processing, trying to figure out how to deal with this whole... Damon thing.
 Yeah. I know.  Hang on, isn't this a little weird for you?
 So.. how are you? How are you dealing with the whole... Katherine dying thing?
 Stefan, you don't have to hide your feelings.
 You knew her for like.. 150 years. You're not even a little heartbroken? I mean, even I feel a little bit bad. Maybe we should give her like, a funeral, or something?
 Where is she buried? I should at least drop off flowers, or something.
 Classic Damon.
 Apparently, Elena would do this sort of stuff. I'm actually starting to feel sorry for her.
 Stefan said Damon put me somewhere I was always meant to be.
 For 145 years, Damon thought I was in a tomb underneath the old church. Boy was he disappointed when I wasn't there.
 Right.
 Sorry. My phone died. What did you want to talk about?
 I'm sure it wasn't that bad.
 Okay. I'm sorry. Tell me, what happened?
 and the person we're talking about is...
 Oh wow.. That... that.. Wow. Really?
 Actually, you're one of the least awful people I know.
 So tell me.. How was it? You know, compared to Tyler?
 Caroline Forbes! Come on! Spill the beans. Now that you've slept with Klaus, how was it?
 You so are.
 Oh my god.
 You mutilate my body.. lovely.
 I've been looking everywhere for you. We need to talk.
 I listened to every word.
 That's not what this is about, Damon.
 That's a lot of pressure, Damon.
 I love that I make you a better person. I love that I make you happy, but I don't want to be the only thing that you live for. I don't want to worry about what's going to happen every time we get in a fight, or if we break up again. Or who you're going to take it out on.
 I know what you did to Katherine, Damon. She was weak and dying and you still tortured her.
 It's not, okay? It's about you. It's about you... about the person I can't change.. the person you really are. That person was right to let me go.
 I'm sorry Damon, but it's over. We're over.
 No, but she was a loose end and I hate that.
 Cold, manipulative, good hair.. You really are my daughter.
 I'm not going anywhere. For the first time in the last 500 years, I'm in the clear. There's no one coming after me. Hell... half the people in this town would probably slit the wrong throats to protect Elena Gilbert.
 You're a grown woman. You make your own decisions, but if you want my vote, stay. And I'm not saying I'll ever learn to be a good mother, but, I'll try. I've got all the time in the world to get it right.
 You're right. I want it all. I want my daughter, I want immortality and I want Stefan Salvatore. He's my one true love.
 I'm gonna win back the one thing I've always wanted. (She comes across a picture of Elena and Stefan and she sets it as the phone's background.)
 Couldn't agree more. I happen to love fresh starts.
 Bonnie's not single.
  'Whitmore's Annual Bitter Ball, a night to celebrate broken hearts, jilted lovers, and bitter singles.'  This is our fresh start?
 I'll drink to that.
 Hey, Stefan. Um, it's me. I was just, uh, wondering  I mean, I know things are kind of crazy and you're probably busy, but maybe you might want to come to campus and we can get a drink or, I don't know, talk.
 I didn't ask you to editorialize. I asked you if that was something Elena would say.
 No. Stay close. Matt is my Elena Gilbert cheat sheet. I didn't go through all the drama of taking over this body so that I could be outed because I didn't know Bonnie's middle name, which is Sheila by the way.
 Oh, please. Don't pretend that baby-sitting Matty Blue Eyes is some sort of hardship. I mean, didn't you lure him into your bed in Prague?
 Ah. Ok. I get it. You like him. That's adorable.
 Good! You're back! I need your help. Diamond or dangly?
 Since she's being conned to go to the Bitter Ball with her best friend Susie Sunshine. (She turns around to look at herself in the mirror while removing her earrings.)
 Faking? In what?
 Caroline Forbes, how do you always see right through me?
 Do you think Stefan would want to come? Hey! I was heh just about to call you.
 What's wrong?
 Oh. Enzo. Uh... Ok. Then maybe we should meet in person. Actually, Caroline's dragging us to this Whitmore thing for lonely hearts. I think you should come.
 Please. If it's bad, then I'll owe you a fun time.
 Dead corsage?
 Hey! You made it.
 Lonely single people.
 Come on. See? As promised, fun.
 I got the same reaction from Caroline like I'm not allowed to smile or something.
 No, but I see your look.
 Yeah. That look.
 I'm fine. You don't have to worry about me. I'm great, actually. I'm the only non-bitter person at this Bitter Ball.
 Yeah. Well, it's what Damon does. If he gets the tiniest bit hurt, he lashes out. He doesn't think, he doesn't try. He just acts, and for the longest time, I tried to fix him. I'd try to change him but I think he ended up changing me, and I'm not sure that I like the person that I've become. I mean, do you?
 Do you like who I am, or do you miss who I was?
 Let's change the subject. What did you want to tell me? What did Enzo and Damon do now?
 It's fine by me.
 Shredding station?
 No because I didn't realize people still printed photos.
 Ok. Do you feel cleansed?
 Tyler drew you a horse?
 Wow! Clean sweep.
 Over.
 Wait. Are you doing that thing where you're talking about yourself but you're really talking about me?
 Do you think that I'm leading him on?
 Ok. (She walks away.)
 Are there any cons? Because I've only listed pros.
 I'm just saying. His death would earn me a lot of tenderness and sympathy from Stefan.
 But Stefan is here! We were dancing. It was good! And I think he was even flirting with me, which is very naughty, even for him.
 So. If I happen to know exactly where he is, I'm supposed to go and put my life in danger to save that little rug rat's life?
 He's at that hideous Whitmore house. I recognize it from the picture. Apparently, I'm the only one who's been to a Whitmore tea-party.
 Okay. Fine, but in the meantime, I'm going to need you to find out from Matt if Caroline has feelings for Stefan. Because she's really starting to grate. I need to know what I'm up against.
 Damn it, Jeremy!
  Come on. Wake up, Jeremy!
 Stefan. Help me.
 Oh. Um, you know, actually, would you mind? I think I still have a splinter in my back.
 Sorry. I think I know what you wanted to tell me tonight, Stefan.
 Why didn't you? I thought that we... maybe I don't deserve... anything from you, but I thought we could be honest with each other no matter what.
 Yes.
 He threatened my brother. Stefan, I can't go back to that.
 But if you want to save him from himself, then I'll help you but not for myself and not for him. For you.
 476 A.D. sacked by the goths
 220 A.D.
 Not really an empire, but 1648
 What? No! That was right.
 Okay, well 1806 may technically be right, but it was the Peace of Westphalia that truly ended the empire and that was in 1648, trust me.
 I may have done a paper on the Holy Roman Empire in high school.
 Well, I can come with you.
 Well, Stefan has been helping me study.
 Stefan, who's an expert in history.
 Maybe I should come with you?
 Okay. I'm going to stay out of that one. I'm going to get some clothes and you'll pick me up at my dorm?
 Really? Because Goldilocks and the big bad wolf are meeting to pow wow about him as we speak.
 He what!?
 Kill him.
 Kill him. Now.
 So, you two have just been tucked away, canoodling?
 We all love Matt Donovan. Otherwise, he would've been dead a long time ago, but when it comes to keeping my new doppelgänger body a secret, no body is that important, but I am going out of town with Stefan, He wants to find Damon.
 I do, but I saw an opportunity to be alone with Stefan for a few days and well, I took it.
 Using my own words against me.. now that's a Petrova specialty. Take care of the Matt issue before I get back into town, or I'll do it myself.
 You ever think about getting a new car?
 Yeah and so is the Wright brother's plane, but  you don't see people still flying around in that thing,
 I told you, I'm doing this for you. Because you're still holding on to hope that maybe this is the time that Damon can be saved.
 You mean when he actually killed Jeremy. Yes, I recall.
 I mean.. Obviously, I still care about Damon, I guess I got my hopes up too many times. I want off the emotional roller-coaster that is Damon's redemption. You know It's just, just, dizzying. Are you hungry because I'm just starving.
 Whatever you're having, with a lot more salt and maybe covered in chocolate.
 Yeah.
 Oh. Okay.
 What? What?
 Ohh! I love this shirt!
 Great. Awesome... That's just awesome.
 UGH! Well, you've got all that engine stuff on you, and I clearly have to change. I saw a hotel, like, a couple streets down that way. Do you think we should get a room, so that we can shower while we're waiting for the car?
 Give them your phone number. I assume that your phone does receive incoming calls, right? Or is it from the Han Dynasty, just like your car?
 Will you grab my bag?
 Well, I didn't know how long we'd be gone, and let's be honest, Damon's spirals require a little more than an overnight bag.
 What makes you think that?
 What do you mean?
 I get it. They built a whole prophecy around it.
 You need a refill.
 Okay.
 Enzo. What the hell do you want?
 Where's Damon?
 Wes infected him?
 Okay. Um, text me the address to my phone, and we'll be there as soon as we can.
 We'll be there soon.
 No. Heh.
 I'll be right there.(Katherine gets a mischievous idea)
 Thanks.
 You don't have to, uh.. you're right. I'm, I'm sorry, I was just in, uh, a moment. I shouldn't have...
 Yeah. Uh.. You know, why don't you go, uh, settle the bill and I'll finish packing.
 Damon has been infected by the ripper virus and i know exactly where he is, so f I can get Damon to attack me, the only way to save me would to be for Stefan to kill him
 Thank you. So, how goes it with Matty-blue-eyes? Dead yet?
 Enzo texted me the address here. Damon, we're here to help you.
 Neither am I.
 I'm proving to you that you're not a lost cause, Damon.
 See.
 Damon. You can resist this... you can do it. Why? Because you love me and that love is stronger than any craving
 No. No. He's not going to. He's not going to.. You can do this Damon
 There you go. Turn around.
 There you go
 He's going to kill me!
 So. I could use a steak.
 Not exactly. In fact, he continues to be the bane of my existence, but Stefan and I had a moment. Don't worry. I'll keep the details to myself, but it definitely reaffirms his feelings for Elena. I.e. me. So it's only a matter of time.
 Of course I will   assuming you took care of the Matt situation,
 Perfect. So, I'm in a really good mood right now, which means I really don't feel like worrying about whatever's making you mopey.
 What's that supposed to mean?
 Nadia..
 Nadia.. I'm right here. I'm right here.
 I know. I heard you. You said that I abandoned you... You were ripped from my arms as a baby. It's completely different!
 You know.. All this guilt is really taking all the fun out of this mother/daughter outing. I'm sorry Tyler bit you, but you're not going to die.
 Oh.. my. You really are delirious! Nadia, he would love nothing more than to watch my daughter die.
 No, I don't. So, that's why I called him.
 And luckily for us, he would love nothing more than studying your blood.
 It's okay, Nadia, it's okay.
 It's okay. Come on, Come on. Hey. Hey.
 If you're trying to make me feel guilty, it's almost working.
 Me too. I'm going to be a better mother starting right now. I promise you, I'm going to save your life.
 Yeah, I don't think Bonnie would want a big party for her birthday.
 I would love to, but I just... I can't? 
 You sound tired.
 No, I  I totally get it. It's you're the anchor now. That must be...exhausting.
 Yeah. Well..
 Hey look, I'll check in with you later.
 
 Hey, um, how are you?
 Now that the dust has settled, I was hoping that, I don't know, maybe... we can talk about what happened at the farm house. Can I see you?
 Perfect. I'll see you soon.
 Damon knows that he tried to kill me less than 24 hours ago. There isn't a single vampire-craving bone in his body that would risk putting his precious "Elena" back in that kind of danger again.
 
 You passed out in the car. I didn't want to wake you.
 Don't talk like that. I brought you here so that I can hide you until Wes finds a way to heal you.
 I didn't raise you to be a quitter! And I promise as soon as you get better, we're leaving. Together.
 I'm going to check on Wes, he's taking to long.
 
 Wes. What the hell is taking so lo-?
 
 Nadia, I'm coming back to the church right now.
 Stefan, why do you have Nadia's phone?
 
 Prove it. Put her on the phone.
 I'm here to see my daughter.
 Nadia...
 I won't leave you again.
 Klaus's blood would have saved you...If I had asked for it.
 But you would have been alive. And now it's too late.
 You found me. Nadia, I'm right here.
 Nadia, no. I'm right here. Nadia, look at me. Look at me. I'm here, I'm right here.
 This is not what your life should have been. 500 years searching for a mother who ended up being me.
 Let me show you what your life should have been. What a perfect day would look like.
 You and I had a little cottage. It was an ordinary summer day. You were playing outside you were tired and it was time for bed. You told me about the fort that you'd built out in the woods by the river. So I asked if I could visit, and you said when the sun came out in the morning. And I said, goodnight Nadia.
 Sleep well.
 Your mother loves you.
 So. This is it.
 Okay. So...who's got the knife? Which one of you is gonna get to kill the elusive Katherine Pierce once and for all? 
 Oh please, Tyler. If I hadn't walked into your life you just be a wasted nobody with a boozy mom and a temper problem.
  Bye, bye Caroline.
  The one girl here who actually appreciates how beautiful you are. You wouldn't stab me in the heart, would you, Matty Blue? No, I don't think so. You will definitely go down as the best night I never had. Oh, well...
  Well, little Gilbert, it was nice to have a brother for a second there...when you weren't being so damn annoying.
 Damon. How you would love nothing more than to drive that blade right through me.
 I know but I never got to say what I needed to say to you. I'm sorry. You blame me for who you are. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I turned you. I'm sorry that you didn't get to die as a forgotten nobody on a bloody battlefield, and your father didn't get to live another day to be disgraced by you. Damon, I'm sorry that I gave you a life purpose. Passion, drive, desire. I'm sorry that you are who you are, because I'm the one that taught you how to love.
 Stefan. You know, I've always wondered how it would be like to be loved by you. You've gotta admit, for that one fleeting moment....your feelings were real. It's truly has been the role of a lifetime. Stefan, I love you. And I've always loved you.
 Then I guess this is how...our love story ends.
 You gotta be kidding me, right? Something tells me I'm five centuries too late on the whole "believing in a higher power" thing.
 True. But again...your friends didn't give me much of a choice in the matter. Using my own daughter against me? Harsh. I suppose I could have spend the next five hundred years running...but for what? My daughter was dying. Stefan would never love me. I was back to having nothing. And Elena wins again.
 I am really starting to get sick of Elena getting everything that I want.
 Wes had no intention of helping Nadia.
 He was just using her as a case study in his project to wipe out vampires of the face of the earth.
 Elena had the life I always wanted. Well, until now.
 Stefan thought he gave me a choice. Run, or die.
 But Katherine Pierce wasn't about to go gentle either.
 If I can't have Stefan, then no one can. 
 Nothing's happening. What's wrong?
 Bonnie, what are you doing? Let me pass through! Why won't you let me pass through?
 What?
 Then who is it up to?
 Bonnie.
 What....
 No, no, no, no
 Dear Diary, I love my life. Seriously, becoming Elena Gilbert is the best thing that has ever happened to me.
 Spent the day on the road with Stefan, although the highlight was our little pit stop at the hotel. I had to wash up after "accidentally" getting grease on my shirt *laugh*
 It's nothing you haven't seen before.
 You know, that's what I like about you, Stefan. Always the gentleman! You don't have to turn away, you know. There's nothing stopping us. We're both single now and we're alone.
 Damon?
 
 
 Rude.
 Hello, brothers. 
 Dead. A spiritual coma, if we're getting technical.
 That's for me to know, and for you to dot, dot, dot. I hope you enjoyed the little show I put on for you.It's been a hoot watching you take on the devil. 
 It really is the perfect revenge. At 10 00 p.m., Mystic Falls will burn, precious Elena will burn and I'm guessing one of you two Salvatores are going down with her. Should I place my bets now? 
 Need something?
 Funny thing about that bone dagger, it sends me to hell, but it can't keep me there.
 Oh, and if you want to know how to get Elena free, you can't. Kai Parker was kind enough to set that trap for me, and, if I'm not mistaken, he's forever indisposed.
 I have everything I want, Damon, or I'm about to. Once that last bell rings, this stupid town will go up in flames and everybody will go "poof". Well, they'll burn alive first, but then their ashes will go poof.
 Oh, I'm not being petty. I'm gloating.
 And she would choose Stefan.
 Because I would, any woman would. Stefan is the better man.
 Taking a trip down memory lane? Oh, I've missed this place, said no one ever.
 And miss a minute of the Elena Gilbert show? Speaking of which, shouldn't you be by her side?
 Bonnie isn't strong enough to save a kitten.
 We're talking about hell fire so intense it could obliterate anything within miles. What the hell is Bonnie gonna do? She's thirty minutes away.
 You think Bonnie Bennett can magically draw hell fire through the tunnels away from the town?
 You're bluffing.
 I'm gonna let you two figure this out amongst yourselves.
 You love this, don't you?
 No, no, Stefan. Please.
