 This room is off-limits.
 Am I supposed to know you?
 Never heard of it. Or her... So..
 I have no idea what you're talking about.
 Yeah. No. Try the campus Coven Club or something.
 Even if I wanted to help, I couldn't. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just some freak, okay? Now leave me alone.
 Oh, my God! What the hell are you?
 Vampires are real. Okay. That makes sense. Actually, that makes no sense.
 Wait.  What?
 I have no idea what he looks like.
 Phasmatos Tribum, Nas Ex Veras, Sequitas Sanguinem. (a breeze picks up in the room)
 I can't do this! Don't you get it? I've done horrible things. I've set buildings on fire, I've hurt people. I can't control any of it.
 Is that supposed to make me feel better?
 He's cute.
 Okay, but if I go all Carrie and burn the school down, it's on you.
 Let me guess.... matter of life and death?
 Sure. It ended up saving 
 Why? She ran away from home?
 Okay?
 I can be convinced.
 Elena's necklace, candle, and map...
 Give me your hand.
 You're Elena's brother. That makes you blood. So, hand it over.
 Whatever, close enough
 Relax Mr? I'm feeling my way through it, okay? Now, what do I say again?
 Phasmatos Tribum, Nas Ex Veras, Sequitas Sanguinem.
 Does Elena look anything like you?
 
 I'm sorry, I'm searching for his sister/cousin doppelgänger in my mind. I'll take all the help I can get.
 
 Does your sister spend alot of time in church?
 You gotta admit.. It was pretty rad. I locked a vampire in her dorm, with an invisible seal. I mean, how many newbie witches have that on their resume?
 AH. Come on. This place is dead. It's like, serious spring break-itis. Besides, you're not even a little proud of me?
 What?
 Okay.
 fes motis ignitum dos es sato
 fes motis ignitum dos es sato
 fes motis ignitum dos es sato
 She's losing it..
 I guess I should donate this shirt to Elena's fire cleanse.
 Hey. I survived my first vampire attack. I mean.. Just one more thing to add to the resume.
 No. I want this and I want you to teach me.
 Awesome! Catch you tomorrow.
 Luke.. what the hell? I was just about to take my shirt off.
 I'm fine. After Elena gutted me, she gave me some of her blood.
 I'm letting her think she's teaching me magic. It's kind of cute
 What can I say? I got issues.
 Thanks but never, ever. Bye.
 Just a little bit of magic, keeps nosy hybrid types from snooping.
 You're here because you're a hunter. That means you can't be mind-controlled by travelers. That officially makes you the only person in this room that I can trust.
 There's a rumor going around in witch circles. The travelers are up to something big.
 Not quite. They're more like the ugly stepsister. Travelers have a grudge toward anyone that draws their magic from nature. Something about witches cursing the land to turn it against them. Now they're on the move. Next stop, here.
 Your sister. It turns out Elena's friends are right. The world actually does revolve around her. So if you want to keep her safe, you're going to have to help me figure out what the travelers are up to.
 It will be
 You were plan A. Plans change.
 Motus!
 Not a newbie witch, FYI.
 Elena Gilbert... just the girl I'm looking for.
 No. This is about you.
 Sorry about this. My coven did everything in its power to protect you, but you're just too dangerous now.
 And you never will.
 Oh my god. Just kill me already.
 She's the last female doppelgänger. After tonight, there might only be one male doppelgänger. And it that happens, the travelers will come for you, Elena. To use you. The witches can't let that happen.
 Where the hell were you?
 I was almost turned into an ashtray, or whatever crap they make in wood shop. So thanks for the brotherly concern.
 Maybe not. Jeremy's got hunter skills and he's not afraid to take a stand. If the travelers are coming for his sister, or making a move on Mystic Falls, or both, he's going to see it coming before we do. So, what's the catch?
 The Travelers are here, and our goal is to get rid of them, but before I put my faith in the three stooges, I need to make sure that none of you are harboring a passenger.
 This knife is the only thing that will get rid of them.
 Shoulder. Shouldn't hurt too much. Not too deep. I can help if you...
 So much testosterone, so few brain cells.
 Easy. You just have to do that about a hundred more times, only to other people. Look. The truth is that my coven have been tracking the Travelers for thousands of years. They're always on the move, but there have been a few times in history when they have stopped to gather.
 Freaky part is that no one's ever noticed because one by one they've taken over towns by putting passengers inside the townsfolk. We think they're doing the same thing in Mystic Falls.
 Jeremy, come on. Back to work.
 It's not what it looks like. Jeremy hired me to help him with math.
 Nothing personal, Jer, but sneaking up on the Travelers requires them not to know that we're doing it. I already broke my rule once for Matt and Tyler. I'm not doing it again.
 What?
 Oh, great. He's here.
 Yep. Not a fan.
 Phasmatos pyrox morsinus allum!
 I can't stop. Sorry.
 I don't really think he's up for taking orders. Besides, I'm older than you.
 Wait. What are you doing?
 Are you okay?
 Excuse me?
 Well aren't you clever. You should be a magic teacher.
 Oh, I'm sorry. Is there a more appropriate reaction to torture?
 It's nothing personal. It was our job to protect the doppelgängers. You were an easy in, but, yeah, the stuff you were teaching me I learned in first grade.
 Why? You scared you're not gonna make it through to finals?
 Can you call my brother, see if he's ok?
 Probably. You asked if there was anything you could do about the other side.
 Say good-bye to your friends, Bonnie. The other side's just like any other spell. You know how that works. Just like any other recipe or math equation, remove one component, and the whole thing implodes on itself. When those Travelers let Markos escape... Boom.
 Jeremy loves you, Bonnie. He deserves to know you're leaving.
 I ordered us waffles. I figured our last meal wouldn't be complete until we poured liquid sugar all over our food.
 The coven's pissed, Luke. You were supposed to hide Stefan and Elena from the travelers and you practically delivered them on a silver platter.
 That's not the point. We were never suppose to let things get this far. We got sucked into some stupid, "let's be friends," trap.
 It's not me. Like I said, the coven is pissed.
 We were suppose to keep the doppelgängers from falling into Markos' hands... We failed. We can't let them succeed in taking away our magic. There's only one move left  We have to kill Stefan and Elena.
 No hard feelings.. just following our coven's orders.
 I don't know!
 Luke, it's started. The spell's started.
 It doesn't matter. You're going to be dead any second.
 Oh great. Grandma just passed us.
 No. I want you to drive, just at a speed more fitting for two people who just tried to commit murder.
 Something tells me they did.
 Using our own tricks against us. Jerks.
 Do you really want to do this, again?
 I know you don't believe me, but I *am* sorry.
 Look. I get what you need from us, but if both doppelgängers are alive again, the Travelers can restart their spell. Witch magic goes bye-bye, and all you vamps, you're goners.
 We can't risk it.
 No!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 No. I promised that I'd help them.
 
 
 
 Uhh. More like ironic, but okay...
 Shh, I'm trying to listen.
 Could you be more of a douche bag cliche?
 A little? It's not Luke's fault that your friend's emotionally blackmailing him to fulfill whatever mental head case crap she's going through.
 I'm aware of that, Tyler. I think about it every day. So does Luke. A lot of you got your lives back, too, because of me. So, at the very least, do me a favor and lay off my brother.
 Yeah. Our twin powers don't work like that. You actually have to tell Luke to his face.
 Why are you telling me this?
 OK, good. Good luck dealing with it.
 What would you like me to do, Tyler?
 Quick answer, no.
 Come by the bar after 1, I'll see what I can do.
 Because this is how I wanted to spend my Saturday night. Load them up. What the hell happened to your truck anyway?
 Sad jocks are kind of like sad clowns, you know, they're pathetic but kind of hilarious.
 Uh-oh. That sounded like a threat.
 Oops.
 You're right. I'm sorry. It's just easier for me if you're an aggressive unlikable dick.
 So I don't have to worry about falling for you. ( They stare at each other for a moment. Liv pushes him away and leaves.)
 You mean, like a date?
 Because definitely not.
 What happened?
 That's a good thing, right?
 You know what I mean.
 Tons.
 It's black. It's really freaking black. What do we do?
 Now what?
 Stop! Tyler, stop! Just stop, okay? There's nothing you can do.
 No, you didn't.
 You didn't kill him Tyler. I did.
 We're closed.
 Still closed.
 I've got nothing to say.
 Watch me.
 Seriously? You don't know how to fill a champagne glass?
 First and most obvious rule, they all have to be even and no slopping over the sides.
 For what, not firing you? I'm not even paying you.
 I killed someone so that you wouldn't trigger your werewolf curse, and you think that being my bar back for a night is enough to repay me?
 Which isn't straight.
 You should take some pride in your appearance.
 Hey. Who let you in?
 It's a short story called "mind your own business."
 You sound like dad, and that's not a compliment.
 Have fun with your gym fling. Leave me to mine.
 Where do you want the stuffing?
 Liv, and no, but you're dating my Occult Studies professor, which I guess somehow earned you an invite for Thanksgiving dinner.
 He's outside testing a new filter on his phone. He's making me this stupid retrospective video for our birthday. Twenty-two. Go us.
 I'm not really in the mood.
 No, Tyler. You didn't.
 Oh, my God.
 Now there's just Luke and me.
 Hence our lame-ass name... Gemini.
 He was a psychopath, so they sent him away. Kai went to his prison, Jo dodged a bullet, and now the leadership falls on us.
 Sorry that my family drama isn't appropriate dinner conversation, Caroline.
 Just... Leave me alone.
 What? That my coven requires my brother and me to merge when we turn 22? Because that's not totally screwed up.
 My coven needs a leader. You don't understand that because you're not one of us. You're not even supposed to be in my life.
 You can't help me. Why do you think I'm trying to get rid of you? When I look at you... I feel everything I don't get to have. I either die in the merge, or I get to live with the fact that I killed my own brother. So tell me, Tyler, how can you help with that?
 Where am I?
 You kidnapped me? Romantic.
 They'll come after me.
 I'm sorry I ruined Thanksgiving.
 So, what, I'm a prisoner here? Do I look like Rapunzel?
 Because he is busy enjoying his last few weeks as a singular twin with his sugar daddy radiologist, and I'd like to enjoy mine.
 Tyler, I can't stay locked up in here any longer. I'm out of clothes, and I've had pizza for breakfast every day this week. We've got to get back to our normal lives.
 They'll make me merge with my brother? Hey. It's not all bad. If I survive, you'll be dating the all-powerful leader of the Gemini coven, and if I don't, you can date Luke.
 Well, I have to laugh at it because if I start imagining my life stuck in this town running away from my family, I will fall apart.
 Don't worry about it. I needed an excuse to get out of that frat house. Way too much boy. Gross. You got everything?
 Parker. So this is the famous Ascendant?
 Surprised that Jo gave it up.
 It's the only thing keeping Kai locked in his prison. If he gets out, he's coming after Jo.
 Whatever. So I'm gonna need the moon to activate the Ascendant. It will be viable for about 8 hours, so once I send you over, the clock's ticking.
 Drink these.
 It's my blood. It will link you to me so I can find you and bring you back. Give this one to Bonnie, too.
 Are you waiting for a toast? Drink.
 How can I help you?
 Hilarious. Are you going to order something or just gonna stare?
 It's kind of dead. I think I'm gonna close up.
 Not if you're a 50-year-old, but seeing as you look 19, I'm gonna need to see some I.D.
 1972. Nice try.
 Malachai Parker. Oh, my God. Ahhh.
 Aah!
 I don't think so.
 You stay the hell away from me.
 I can't.
 Luke's right, Tyler. You're on some serious crack.
 What does he want us to do exactly?
 It's probably back in Portland, where she got rid of it in 1994.
 Let me guess. Kai wants us to do a locator spell on the knife.
 No. We were born because our coven decided that Jo wasn't strong enough to beat Kai. Why should we have to die because our sister's too weak to defeat our psychopath of a brother?
 That's because Kai wasn't here a month ago, but he's here now. Luke, we don't have to do this. We have a chance to live out normal, human lives. We could actually be happy.
 What the hell is he doing?
 What you should have done 18 years ago.
 Look, Jo. You can't run away from this anymore. You've had 18 years of freedom. Now take your magic back and do this. You owe it to the coven.
 Luke's all I've got. If we merge and he dies... I may as well be dead, too.
 Did it ever occur to you that maybe you're strong enough to beat him? You were 22 the last time you went up against him. Since then, you've been a combat medic, you've saved hundreds of lives, and your hospital worships you.
 You're my sister, and I'm yours. Look how far you've come without magic. You didn't get here listening to people tell you you weren't strong enough.
 Everyone, chill! Jo thinks she can beat Kai.
 Fine. Then I'm selfish, Luke, but I'd rather be alive and selfish than this dead martyr who served her purpose to her coven.
 Ow!
 Hey, where can I get a tee shirt?
 Damon may be a vile creature, but he has the best clothes.
 Jo scorched my shirt.
 You must be feeling such mixed emotions right now.
 Jo's terrible. If she went up against Kai today, she'd lose in like, nine seconds. Luke totally called that one.
 He's been texting and I've been ignoring.
 He won't. Chill, okay? (hangs up and closes the drawer, taking one of Damon's shirts)
 To think, a day almost went by where I wasn't roped into saving one of your friends.
 Fine.
 I'm not going in there.
 If Kai even gets a glimpse of me, I'm dead. I'm strong enough to do the spell from out here.
 Relax. With a bit of practice, she'll be merge-ready in no time. Phasmatos radium cara. Phasmatos 
 I was helping them.
 Take the books, leave the books. Who cares? Did you tell dad I was helping Jo get stronger? Is that why he's pissed? Of course you did. You're just like him.
 You don't get it, do you?
 You just cloaked me and I couldn't fight it. You're stronger than me.
 Yes, I do. I've known it for months. Since that night when I was trying to bring people back from the Other Side and you interrupted my spell.
 We're supposed to be equal. We're not. I know you, Luke. I know you love me. And  I know a huge part of you hopes that it's me that makes it through this. But it's not a coin toss anymore. If we merge, you win and I die. That scares the crap out of me. So. If you wanna pack the books, pack the damn books. I'm not gonna be the one reading them.
 Well, I lied. He's stronger.
 Run where, Tyler? We already tried that. My family will hunt me down. They want me to merge.
 Screw you.
 I knew you were a mistake. This whole thing was a mistake.
 How about Atlantis? Or like, the Sea of Tranquility?
 Mmmhhmm.
 I hear it's nice there. It's very tranquil.
 Mmmhhmmm
 Why are we talking about spending Spring Break anywhere other than this tiny bed? Which we should probably leave at some point today. (kisses Tyler's neck and moves to get out of the bed)
 Oh, my God, he's early.
 Here, put this on.
 He wants to take Luke and me out to dinner. Hide! Dad, hi. I thought we were meeting later.
 Oh.
 To avoid this exact conversation. Am I wearing too much eyeliner?
 That's why Luke and I are going to bust our wonder-twin powers of persuasion, make dad think that Jo's powerful enough to over-power Kai, and Luke and I won't have to do the merge.
 He's not staying and why are you wearing a tie?
 Really bad idea. Promise me that you'll stay out of it.
 We will.
 Do you trust me?
 Then don't worry. You're not gonna lose me. (kisses Tyler and walks away with Luke)
 No, dad. This is why Kai and Jo were born. We were just the backup plan you bred because you thought that your first batch had a design flaw.
 Dad, Jo can do this. She can win. All we're asking is that you give her a chance.
 That's easy for you to say. You merged with your twin brother and you won. You didn't drop dead.
 Not a good time.
 Where's Tyler?
 I want to talk to Tyler.
 What are you doing out here?
 Dad, stop!
 I'm fine. I'm fine.
 Luke, where are you going?
 Where are you going?
 Why the hell won't Luke call me back?
 Yes. No! I don't know. Dad.
 What?
 I don't believe you.
 I'm not going anywhere with you!
 I was gonna wear this for the
 Just haul ass out of here like
 I can't run, Tyler. Kai
 Fine. Then I want to kill Kai.
 Phasmatos Physium Calva, Phasmatos Physium Calva...
 When Luke and I were
 Phasmatos Physium Calva, Phasmatos Physium Calva... (The spell is working)
 The bastard's at the Salvatore
 I have no idea. Of course,
 but  but what? I'm just
 We're dead anyway. He'll kill
 Phasmatos Somnus . (Tyler is
 Shut up! (she starts
 Phasmatos. (Before Liv can do
 Stop it, Kai!
 Stop it!
 Just kill me, Kai. You already
 Motus! (uses magic to throw a
 (searches for Kai around the
 You can't hide from me!
 (wakes up in her bed and sees
 Tyler,
 No! I never wanted to hurt you!
 Please just calm down.
 Honestly, you should probably do that yourself.
 You do know that Jo's my sister, right?
 You look good.
 How are things?
 Still recovering from that injury?
 Whatever head injury turned you into a monosyllabic goon.
 Oh, I'm sorry. Was I supposed to stay at Whitmore after my ass of a boyfriend told me he never wanted to see me again?
 I lost my brother and then my boyfriend in the span of a week.
 I was hurt.
 You're lecturing me on flying off the handle? Wow. You know what? I'm gonna wait outside. Gemini wedding means big-coven-reunion heading this way.
 Oh, Tyler. Oh God, no. This can't be happening Oh, God. What's happening to me?
 No, no, no.
 No. You're not dying, not after everything. You're not dying, Tyler.
 It's a full moon. If you turn, it will heal you. You have to.
 You once told me that I gave you a second chance, and you promised me that you wouldn't waste it. I love you. Let me do this for you.
 Don't waste it.
