 Why the sudden interest in Mystic Falls history?
 No.
 Ok. 1960. There was a mugging reported November 9.
 Ok. Well, that would be Maggie James. Died November 8, 1960, unresolved homicide, possible serial killer.
 How do you know?
 Maybe for you. It took me all night to evacuate the 10-mile civilian radius around the Town Square.
 It will keep our residents away for now but certainly not forever.
 Why did they move our sign?
 Of all the small towns to call home, you probably shouldn't have picked one full of vampires.
 Tyler!
 Oh, my God.
 Listen. I might not carry a lot of weight with you people, but I am still the Sheriff and I still represent the people who live here.
 What if there's an open bar?
 Well, they don't seem to have a problem with the free food.
 Well, I'm clearly not going to have much of an impact here, so I think it's time I take my own orders and evacuate.
 My home is a place my daughter can come visit. Goodbye.
 What am I doing here?
 A captain goes down with his ship...
 Do you smell gas?
 I think there's a leak coming from the hatch.
 Sweetheart..
 You should go with them tomorrow.
 We have spent the entire summer together.
 Caroline, you just lost one of your best friends. It makes sense that you want to hold on to what's familiar, but Elena lost her too. She clearly misses you.
 No.. Elena has clearly taken up residency on planet denial; where football is more important than her boyfriend being swept away into oblivion. Do you know she has barely cried for him? I mean, she was a full-on wreck over Bonnie for months, but when you mention Damon, it's like nothing ever happened.
 Caroline, Elena has experienced more grief than anyone I've ever met. You should cut her some slack.
 Two kids were admitted to the hospital with suspicious wounds on their necks...
 No, but they can lurk around the borders. I gotta cut lunch short.. That's it. I gotta take care of this.
 Listen, consider Elena's offer, okay? Mystic Falls isn't going anywhere.
 Sure.
 Yeah, Caroline's high maintenance, but she's worth it.
 So, how does this thing help us watch the eclipse?
 My husband would get a kick out of you. We should you invite over to dinner sometime.
 Is everything okay?
 What happened to Christmas being your favorite time of the year?
 I'm playing hooky this year. I figure just because you can't come home for the holidays doesn't mean the holidays can't come to you.
 You have a huge dorm, and I thought we could use an extra set of hands.
 Oh, yeah. You know what? He's not gonna make it. You remember his friend Steven? He needed help moving a couch or something, so he's gonna miss out.
 Then we will just have to let the Lockwoods have the honors this year.
 It'll be fine, I promise.
 No worrying during the holidays, ok? And that tree is not gonna decorate itself. Go.
 Who wants hot chocolate?
 Oh, wow. I just got really...
 Now that's what I call a Christmas tree. Isn't that gorgeous? The holidays are all about being with loves ones, and I think that's what makes this tradition so special in our town. It's a reminder that no matter where you turn you have a friend.
 I paid extra for this room to be a single.
 Well, I'm not dead yet. Any word from Elena?
 Ouch. Have you at least managed to patch things up with Ric?
 Yeah, I already had my guys on the lookout. No one matching Kai's description popped up overnight.
 What is this?
 I'm fine.
 We are not having this conversation again, sweetheart.
 Look, sweetheart. For now, I would like to put my faith in science. Which means going home on doctor's orders, having a nice, quiet day and waiting for more MRI results.
 I wanted everything to be just the same when you finally came home.
 What is this?
 Well, thanks. Guess it never occured to anybody to just...move my chair, but... What's the matter? Never seen anyone with Stage 4 cancer before?
 And where is the internet sending you?
 I think it would be better if you had some company on the road. Thank you, Stefan. (Stefan nods and heads for the door)
 I will set my watch by it.
 I love you, too. Bye. (Caroline and Stefan leave; Liz sighs and sits in her chair tiredly)
 No, I'm glad you called. I don't think he died of natural causes.
 I'm sorry, Matt. We'll figure out who did this and we'll deal with it.
 This is Mystic Falls. It'll always be Mystic Falls. You love it here, y 
 Yeah.
 How was Duke, sweetie?
 Okay, Matt. Bye.
 That is one doctor's opinion.
 I want that too, honey.
 Because Caroline fed me her blood last night. So the same thing is gonna happen to me.
 Hey.
 Like a human pin-cushion. So, what's the verdict? Did the blood-swap work?
 You shouldn't lie to sick people, Elena. It's bad karma.
 How's Caroline?
 Elena...
 She's not gonna forgive herself for this, is she?
 Thank you.
 Just get on with it, Kai. Listening to you talk makes me wanna die.
 Yeah. Yeah, I think so.
 Caroline?
 Honey, I'm leaving. You wanna say goodbye?
 Caroline? Can you hear me, sweetheart? You don't wanna say goodbye to your mom? (Liz grabs Caroline's shoulder and gently makes Caroline face her)
 It's okay, baby, I'm right here.
 Ohh, it's okay. I'm right here. I'm right here, baby. It's okay, it's okay.
 Hello, stranger.
 Are you okay?
 Oh, sweetheart, please. You know me, I'm the world's unluckiest gambler.
 No, no, no, no. This wasn't your fault. I need you to stop beating yourself up. Can you do that for me?
 Can you say it like you mean it?
 Couple weeks ago. Just in case anything...
 I'm sorry. And I promise you  I will stick around as long as I can. Okay?
 Come here. (they hug)
 That smells amazing. I would give you a million dollars for a decaf latte. What do you say? Would you mind getting one for your poor, sick mom?
 So, looks like we can cross miracle cure off the list.
 I need you promise me something.
 When I'm gone, Caroline is gonna need you. Even if she doesn't know it. She's gonna need someone to help her move on with her life. Someone to just make her smile. Promise me that you will do that, Stefan.
 Hey, Tony, I'm headed home for the night. Could you do me a favor and check up on the Lockwood place? Carol called again, another 5-Martini stalker sighting, oh, and some teenagers are planning a bonfire off route 13. No one's called to complain yet, but they will. See you.
 Forbes. I'll be right there.
 Hey, what happened?
 Any other casualties?
 Survivors? Police
 Elena Gilbert. Where's her brother? Who are the casualties?
 Well, hello, Stefan. What a lovely voice you have.
 You snuck out of the house this morning with so much as a hello. I may be a retired sheriff, but I am still a mother. What are you up to?
 At least tell me if Stefan is there voluntarily or against his will.
 Sweetheart, that's not true.
 I'm sure that's not the only reason he's there.
 Like I'm not gonna leave this job with unfinished business. I have all these open cases.
 I always had a sneaking suspicion. What about this one?
 Well, at the time, I was taking care of Elena and Jeremy, and I didn't want to drag them through more heartache. Then when I was finally ready to reopen the wound, Elena had moved on, and you and I had become friends, and I worried that...
 Miranda left me this message two hours before they got in that car, two hours before they drove off that road for no reason.
 Top right-hand drawer.
 No. I'm a terrible sheriff because one of my best friends is the perp in half my open cases. Not till I finish this.
 Can I ask you something about that night? You saw Elena, and Stefan pulled her out of the car.
 So you both just happened to be in town the night her parents died. Why?
 You never talk about her.
 Why do I feel like you're leaving something out?
 Something did happen that night.
 What about the lack of skid marks? Any reason your dad would just drive off the road like he was trying to avoid something without braking?
 I don't know, but given the way this town works, I wouldn't be surprised. Oh, I'm so sorry, Elena. I know I should've brought this up sooner, but in those first few weeks after your parents died, I...
 Ha ha!
 Thanks.
 Yep. Yep. I'm good.
 I'm fine.
 The storm. Yeah. Oh, the storm that dropped a power line across old Miller road, explaining why they took Wickery bridge, which had a drainage issue before its renovation, meaning the road was probably still slick.
 The storm, that was the reason. Mystery solved. Would you mind calling Caroline and telling her she can surprise me tomorrow? I'm not really feeling up to it tonight.
 If there had been a supernatural reason they died, it would've been easier, would've been a reason. As it is, it was just an accident. It was a stupid accident.
 I did everything right, Damon. I lived a good life. I took care of my family. I just...
 I have to admit, there is a certain amount of peace knowing I'll be one of the only people in Mystic Falls to die an ordinary death. I'm exceptionally ordinary. I'm ok with that. Caroline is anything but. She was meant to be extraordinary, and she needs to know how proud I am of her.
 Oh... Ok. Thank you.
 For today, for being here.
 You want a second chance?
 Write mine... Only do me a favor... Nothing dirty.
 Oh... I'll take that drink now.
 If you stop, you'll never learn, sweetie.
 Yes, you do.
 Just pedal.
 I'm holding you up, sweetheart. You can't fall.
 Keep pedaling. You can do it.
 I won't, not till you're ready.
 Yes, you are.
 Ok. I've got band-aids, surgical gear, and a medevac enroute for an airlift.
 No, sweetheart. I'm making fun of me. There is no greater first than watching your kid ride without training wheels   Oh, boy   and no worst first than seeing them bite the dust. All right. There.
 Yes.
 I would say your chances of survival are 100%.
 Well, everyone dies eventually, sweetie, but not for a long, long time.
 Well, then you'll be all grown up, and you won't need me.
 Step out of the car.
 I said get out of the car.
 You're under arrest for the murders of Chris Benton, Jason Hughes...
 I'm afraid you're mistaken. My daughter's kind, compassionate. She looks after those in need.
 I raised my daughter to be a good person.
 And she knows how hurt I would be to see her this way.
 You are not my daughter!
 Okay. Needle and thread, as requested. Do I want to know why you suddenly decided to take up sewing?
 Yes, I'm aware.
 You're a good friend to her, Stefan. I hope someday you'll be more than that. I'm dying. I'm allowed to be blunt. It's a time-saver.
 Oh, blame me, why don't you?
 You might be waiting a while.
 Oh. No, thanks. I'm still working on it.  I'll mail it out tomorrow. I have an idea of what I want to say. It's just... I guess I want it to be perfect, too.
 I hope so.
 Hey, sweetie. Something wrong?
 I'll take that as a yes. My finely honed detective skills tell me this is probably about a boy.
 Which one is he?
 Honey, I'm sorry but I have no idea what you're talking about. Who is Damon Salvatore?
 How do you know about that?
 I'd say the vampire I've been looking for is my own daughter.
 I'm warning you, Bonnie, stay out of this.
 Because you are a vampire, Caroline. I'm ashamed to know I raised the monster that's killing the people I'm supposed to protect.
 Stop saying that name.
 Stefan Salvatore doesn't have a brother. I checked the town records. Damon died a long time ago. So please just accept the truth and this will all be over.
 Damon is dead.
 What?
 Stop it, Caroline. Stop making excuses.
 So why are you here enduring all this pain and all this suffering for him?
 Bye, Caroline.
