 Elena!
 Elena Gilbert! Wow. Get up, you clutz.
 I see someone started their spring break early.
 David dumped my ass.. At Senior Frogs, of all horrifying places. He thought I was cheating on him, so I took the first flight out of Cancun and here I am.
 I'm Luke. We met at the bitter ball?
 You're very drunk. Ahh. Let me shower off this airplane stench and we can drown our sorrows in rum runners.
 Ahh! Don't tell me you and Stefan hooked up while I was gone.
 Woah. Are you okay?
 We'll get some water alright.
 You need help.
 What are you doing?
 My paranoid boyfriend thought they were hickeys, but they're obviously some kind of a disgusting rash, or something.
 Show off
 Relax! I'm gay AND your brother. So technically, you're the least attractive person in the world to me. Are you okay? Sorry I had to drag you into this, but Elena thought she was compelling me and, well, I couldn't give up the rouse.
 And how is our precious anchor to the other side?
 Until she realizes her friends are in jeporady... then, not so cute.
 Oh, huh?
 Ah, no. I'm just studying. Unless you are an expert in wave mechanics
 Yeah
 Hey, Hey, Hey. Are you okay?
 Who?
 Look. Please don't be mad at Liv, okay? My family's kind of messed up.
 Who are you?
 Well, blood's thicker than water and my sister's in there. So..
 Look, we wouldn't even be here if you had just killed Elena.
 You realize this is an epic conflict of interest?
 More townies. No.
 I'm Luke Parker, Liv's twin brother.
 Busy.
 Our magic doesn't work like that. We're not bigger than the universe.
 Because we need your help. We think the Travelers are about to make their move. Their leader Markos is here.
 The other side. He's been dead for centuries, and we think the fire sacrifice allowed him to escape.
 You guys said the visions are trying to draw Elena and Stefan together for something.
 And if the Travelers are the ones who need your blood, doesn't it make sense that you're not only being drawn together but also...
 Tell him to use me instead.
 By five minutes.
 Permisso laca tha tar. Permisso laca tha tar.
 That's not helping.
 She's tired of being almost murdered. Look. I can find any person anywhere on the planet, ok? There's just something weird with your friend Enzo. I can't get a read.
 A cloaking spell? I guess.
 So it kills vampires. What does the spell mean for the witches?
 Travelers are always moving. They're impossible to track. They'll find Stefan and Elena long before we can find them.
 If both doppelgängers are in the same place, yeah.
 Heh. Liv and I should have killed you when we had the chance.
 Let's just say my family's pretty screwed up, not a whole lot of compassion. You guys are different. You protect each other.
 Yeah.
 Hmm.. my ray of sunshine sister
 O-oka-y How was I suppose to know that "Casper the English Ghost" would be a complication?
 These people are nice. Okay, more than I can say for our screwed up family.
 Fine! I'll listen
 Yeah..
 It doesn't matter which one, really.
 Do it, Liv, come on!
 Liv! Liv! What's happening?!
 If you want to drive, just say so.
 They are not following us. Markos stripped the town of spirit magic. There's now way they survived it.
 And I bet if I turn around...
 We can't help you. Even if we wanted to, our coven would kill us.
 I know he did, but—
 Keep going.
 BONNIE!
 Bonnie! Hey! It's too much for her. We need to start now!
 I don't care.
 Hey.
 You need to stop, now. Okay? If you keep going, it's going to kill you.
 Screw those guys.
 I won't let you die for them.
 Phasmatos Fumos Extas
 Hey, I gotta run, actually.
 Are you asking me if there are side effects to the ancient psychotropic herbs I've been giving you, because there haven't exactly been clinical trials.
 Yeah or maybe there shouldn't be a next batch.
 I am. I'm sorry. Something I made clear when I made Alaric's daytime bracelet, because you asked.
 And when I went against my coven rules to get these herbs - because you asked.
 But it's time to return to reality.
 Elena... (he's about to say something but Elena doesn't let him)
 Hey.
 I know you did. Look, Elena, I can't help you anymore.
 Elena, you're going through this stuff like crazy.
 I'm not a drug pusher.
 Elena, don't.
 No. A friend who cares about you and thinks you're living in denial.
 Elena, stop.
 Look at you.
 Hey. Have you seen Elena?
 What happened?
 Where's Elena now?
 You're drunk. Don't touch me.
 In fairness, he apologized.
 You're doing that thing again.
 Oh the thing where you're a bitch because you like somebody. It's pretty transparent, I don't blame you, he's hot. (Luke walks off, leaving Liv smiling.)
 Oh. A radiologist I met at the gym. So what's the story with Tyler?
 Liv, I'm not saying don't have fun, ok, because that's why we're here, but when the coven calls us home, they don't care if we're in love or not.
 Liv.
 Oh. Sorry I'm late.
 Uh, anyone want to see some embarrassing baby videos of Liv?
 Jo as in Josette?
 Yeah, there were until my coven put Kai in a prison world.
 Because there aren't two leaders, are there, Jo?
 The weaker one dies.
 You think I'm gonna protect the guy who chased us around the house with a baseball bat when we were 4?
 Until Kai becomes the most powerful witch in our coven and goes on a killing spree. Something tells me that's gonna become our problem.
 This is ridiculous. This is our job. Merging is our duty to the coven. It's why we were born.
 You know, a month ago, the thought of bowing out never even occurred to you.
 Probably playing tictactoe with himself like a crazy person.
 What the hell?
 Enough, enough, man.
 Whatever. I'm not watching this.
 I'm not telling you, and before you threaten to rip my head off, remember, all that does is guarantee Kai having to merge with Jo.
 Stop.
 Because I realized listening to you two was a huge mistake. Kai's a monster.
 You and I both know that's crap. Kai's a million times stronger. She'll die, and the first thing Kai's gonna do is kill everyone in our coven as punishment for putting him away, and then he'll turn on innocent people because he's crazy and bored and homicidal.
 People are gonna die, and it's gonna be our fault. Remember that.
 Sorry.
 She doesn't have time for this. Invisique.
 Dad's pissed, okay? He wants us back in Portland now.
 Do you wanna bring these books back?
 Actually, I can think for myself. I've always said that Kai was too dangerous to become leader of the coven. You've been wasting your time with Jo. We both know she's never gonna beat him.
 Get what?
 No, you don't know that.
 You were about to collapse. You were already weak.
 I called dad, told him we're out.
 Not if my destiny equals killing my sister.
 I told you I can think for myself.
 And he shouldn't be here.
 I'm about to ask the leader of the Gemini coven to let us out of a centuries-old tradition. I kind of need him to take me seriously.
 We wanna consider other options.
 No, of course not. But you are in perfect health, Kai is on ice. That means we have time to figure this out.
 Who looks exactly like me. Yeah, I know I'm stronger than Liv, so that means I will win if we merge. So you can put whatever poetic spin you want on it, but I will be killing my own sister. I can't do that to her.
 Does that mean you'll think about what we asked?
 You're merging us?
 I'm gonna kill her! She's not strong enough, dad.
 She's not strong enough, dad!
 You trust me?
 I'll be back soon. I promise.
 Oh, I just gave my big sister a little magic knock on the head. But don't worry, she'll be fine. Because you're gonna merge with me.
 Well, that's true. But we share the same parents, the same bloodline and thanks to your timeout in the magic penalty box, we're the same age. So it's definitely a Hail Mary and maybe it won't work. But I'd do anything to save my sister's life, so we're gonna give it the old college try.
 Phasmatos Motus Robix. What's wrong? Are you afraid to play chicken with someone who might actually beat you?
 Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis finantus. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.
 Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus. Sanguinem desimilus 
 Sanguinem generis fiantus. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.
 Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus. Sanguinem desimilus, sanguinem generis fiantus.
