 
 Klaus.
 Must be a hundred years since that nasty business with your papa.
 The way I recall it, he ran you outta town. Left a trail of dead vampires in his wake.
 Well, if I'd known you were coming back in town, if I had a heads-up 
 I'd have thrown you a damn parade.
 Niklaus Mikaelson. My mentor, my savior, my sire. Let's get you a drink.
 It is good to see you.
 Something's gotta draw in the out-of-towners, otherwise we'd all go hungry.
 Yeah, yeah, I shared the secret of your daylight ring with a few buddies. Just the inner circle, though  the family.
 I got the witches around here wrapped around my finger.
 You're looking for Jane-Anne? You probably oughta come with me. 
 Oh, how's your family?
 Ah, forget 'em. If your blood relations let you down, you make your own, eh? You taught me that. And what's mine is yours, as always. Even my nightwalkers, the riff-raff.
 It's the Quarter. Ain't no such thing as subtle, baby.
 Jane-Anne Deveraux! Give it up for Jane-Anne! Come on, let's hear it! Jane-Anne Deveraux, you have been accused of the practice of witchcraft beyond the bounds of the rules set forth, and enforced, by me. How do you plead? 
 Mm, that's a lie. You know it, I know it, and you hate that I know it. It drives you witches crazy that I'm aware of your every move. That you can't do magic in this town without getting caught. So, why don't we just cut to the chase, huh? You tell me what magic you're brewing. I mean, tell me. I'll grant you leniency. Hey, I am, after all, a merciful man.
 I'll tell you what. I'll give you one more chance...
 Or not.
 Hey. Come walk with me. The witches aren't allowed to do magic here  she broke the rules.
 Hey, I'm sorry. I got caught up in the show. Those witches, they think that they still have power in this town. I have to show them that they don't. I never waste an opportunity for a show of force, another lesson that I learned from you. And besides, anything that you could've gotten outta her, I can find out for you, and I will. I promise.
 Good, good. Then let's eat, 'cause all that spilled blood makes me hungry, ha-ha!
 He-hey, I'm right here, I'm right here, e-e-easy now. Diego's just looking out for me. Nobody harms my guys  those are the rules.
 Come here. I get it  a show of force. You've made your point. Let it go friend, ah? For me.
 Follow me.
 Look at that skyline, huh? That there, that's progress. More hotels, more tourists, more fresh blood. And the humans? I taught them to look the other way.
 Maybe I got a secret weapon, an ace up my sleeve. Something that gives me complete control over all the magic in this town.
 Might be. Maybe I'm just bluffing.
 Burns like a bitch, but I figure I should limit the number of things I'm vulnerable to. Don't be mad about that chaperone thing. I've told my guys to look out for you, that's all. That's what we do here  look out for each other.
 Mm, m-m-mm. New blood.
 Let's see  brave, I let her live; dumb, she's dessert.
 You know, it's not safe here alone.
 Hey, man. Where'd you run off to?
 Someone put you in a mood. What can I do?
 Oh, we're back to that?
 You know I owe you everything I got, but I'm afraid I have to draw the line on this one. This is my business. I control the witches in my town. Let's just leave it at that.
 Damn straight.
 Why? Jealous? Hey, man, I get it. Three hundred years ago, you helped build a backwater penal colony into something. You started it, but then you left. Actually, you ran from it. I saw it through. Look around. Vampires rule this city now. We don't have to live in the shadows like rats. The locals know their place. They look the other way. I got rid of the werewolves. I even found a way to shut down the witches. The blood never stops flowing and the party never ends. You wanna pass on through? You wanna stay a while? Great. What's mine is yours, but it is mine. My home, my family, my rules.
 They die. Mercy is for the weak. You taught me that, too. And I'm not the prince of the Quarter, friend. 
