 When did Jeremy Gilbert get so cute?
 Can I see?
 Ooh, scary demon wolf thing.
 Found you!
 Oh, I'm sorry. Were you two having a moment?
 Hey, hey, what is that?
 Lookie here.
 Snooze, you lose.
 I want Jeremy to come get it.
 Jeremy, come upstairs with me. See how a bad drunk I can be.
 I fooled you.
 You pushed me down the stairs!
 Me too and then we have to dance.
 So, what happened to Aimee?
 Come on, you're being mean. His dad's dead.
 Matt failed. If Matt fails, I can't.
 Depends. Am I still in the western hemisphere?
 I'm sorry. I'm from New York and we're big on cell phone reception.
 Mystic Falls. My GPS died and then I started second-guessing myself—aah! Aah!
 Help! Help me, please.
 Help me. Please, help me.
 You have to help me. There was this girl I saw and she -
 I swear to God she had these teeth and she bit me. You have to help me.
 You know, I saw this girl. You need to find her.
 There was this girl and I was... I was lost...
 No... You're not listening.
 You kidnapped me.
 Why the hell should I trust you?
 That's... quite a story, but... Thing is, I don't trust anyone. Ever.
 Sorry I I needed a place to crash. Jer said it was cool.
 Look it's no big deal, I can just take off.
 Bye.
 You guys don't like each other very much, do you?
 Why didn't you tell him I was still here?
 I totally get it, I appreciate you guys helping me, really I do. It's okay, I have family here. Sort of, I mean, I haven't met him but my Dad. He supposedly lives here. It's not like he's just going to let me sleep on the street, right?
 That shower has four heads. Who's so dirty they need 4 heads?
 Why not? My mom lived in Mystic Falls for years before she had me, somebody had to knock her up.
 Oh, good idea. Hurry, let's go to the cemetery.
 Oh, my God.
 That's why I'm an happy orphan. ( Sarah leaves from there)
 You try anything, and I call 911 and out your vampire sister to the world.
 since I was a baby. My mom was a Jane Doe. Her body was still warm when they dumped it at the hospital, six months pregnant. The nurses thought I was DOA, too, but, one doctor did an emergency C-section and I survived. I lived three months in an incubator. They didn't know who my dad was, and neither did I. But then, I found this.
 Where are you going?
 You promised me you'd help me track down my relatives.
 Jeremy, you can't just say, "Zach Salvatore was your dad. Too bad he's dead," and then peace out!
 What is so urgent to make you finally un-glue your ass from the couch? I know it's not school. It's not work. If it's another girl, I'd shower first.
 I could ask you the same question.
 From the look on your face, you're downloading porn, or you're not supposed to be here, either. What are you doing in Tripp's office?
 Information on some people who used to live here. You know anything about the Salvatores?
 Well, according to Jeremy, Zach Salvatore was my dad. He supposedly died from an animal attack, and coincidentally, so did my mom. But, I've been paying attention. I know what that's code for, and your boss seems to know a lot about homicidal wildlife, so...
 Guess we have that in common. Now, either you help me, or start coming up with a good lie when I tell your boss you were snooping.
 Maybe it was a good thing I didn't grow up here.
 Give me the year, and I'll give you the town and foster home. Oh, good. Wonder what's in here.
 "Locked" means "important."
 Thanks for the ride.
 That was almost funny. Hope for you yet, Donovan.
 Hang on, you know who my family is?
 Why are you just telling me this now?
 It's gonna be okay.
 And that was an actual fight two people just had over a twin-merge? This town is so weird.
 Or I won't, and a vampire will kill me like they killed your friend Tripp.
 You know what that means. I helped you, now you help me. Time for a little family reunion.
 I'm about to meet one of my only living relatives.
 Oh, my God.
 Me. He's, uh, talking about me. I'm Zach and Gail's daughter, Sarah Salvatore.
 So after the third group home, I got myself emancipated, which is surprisingly difficult, by the way.
 Sure.
 I'm all for family traditions.
 It's ok, Matt, I promise. I'll call you in a bit.
 I told you Zach Salvatore is my father, Gail is my mother. I have these pictures.
 Why don't you believe me?
 You know her.
 Monique. My name is Monique.
 According to the saying, when a child dies, an angel will take the child in her arms and fly her over all the places she loved best, so she can see them one last time before she goes to Heaven. That's what I had in mind with this aerial point of view. And then I wanted to catch the sunlight flaring off the windows because it obscures the reflection of the viewer who's looking down at them.
 That's not a regulation
 It gets
 Ok. Well, it has good color
 Well, don't feel bad. You
 The offer to pose for some
 Good luck with your
 Hey,
 Where are you trying to go?
 Virginia? (points at the bus
 This is why I don't visit
 There's a cafe on the way.
 How were you planning on
 Yeah. In that case,
 Come on.
 Matt. Hey.
 I got a call from the manager of this place. He needed someone to take pictures for the website, and he said you mentioned me. I mean, normally, the pictures I take are a little darker, but normally, I don't get paid, so thanks.
 You want to show me around?
 So we can go moodier with the lighting if you want or feature more patrons or menu items.
 Oh, my God. Ha ha! Totally forgot that was on there.
 Yeah, but obviously, I didn't take that one.
 Sure. I'll follow a guy I barely know into a shady tunnel.
 Ha! Graffiti. How provocative.
 Ha ha ha! About those photos, my roommate took them for her art final. I don't have a boyfriend if that's what you're wondering.
 I called 911.
 What the hell kind of a person just barrels into someone and then drives off like that?
 We're waiting for the stupid ambulance, but he seems bad, like, really bad. His breathing is...
 What, are you, like, an EMT or something?
 Oh, my God, we have to do something.
 Sarah.
 I promise. Just help him, please. (Enzo bites his wirst)
 Oh, my God.
 How did you just... Did you just...
 
 Yes. You saved my friend Matt with your blood.
 
 I have pictures of you, your veins doing weird, non-human things 
 I want to know more about you.
 
 
 Does it look like I'm joking?
 And?
 No, I know what they are. I just thought there'd be more to it.
 I'm Sarah.
 Hello? Enzo?
 Oh, um, actually, I'm looking for 
 Please, please don't hurt me.
 No! Please! Please!
 No! Please! No! No!
 Please don't hurt me. No! No! No! NO!
 Please don't hurt me!
 
 
 Aah! No! Please! Liam! Liam, No! Aah!
 You'll kill me! Liam, I'll die! Liam!
 Where am I?
 Last night...
 I sort of remember that. It was like a spring break kickoff rave. I should get home.
 Enzo. Hey. Um, did I call you last night? I have a text from you to meet up, but I don't remember ever seeing you.
 Then, why did you?
 Sarah... Salvatore? Why would you call me that?
 So, you drag me out of a hospital bed, waste a tank of gas driving around all night, just to bring me to a house in the middle of nowhere?
 When have I ever been your problem?
 
 What the hell was that?
 
 Who was that woman, and how do you even know who my family is? How do I not know this?
 
 
 Or, you're finally gonna tell me the whole story.
 Yeah. Your friend Matt stopped by the hospital and gave me some.
 I know. Starting with trusting my vampire stalker, who arranged for me to befriend some blue-eyed bartender, all so I could witness him getting run over, and you playing the part of the hero. 
 
 So, how do I know you're not the one who's been mind-controlling me, making me believe this messed-up family history?
 Well, there's something about death that I find... I don't know...
 So, some Good Samaritan vampire saves you from dying, gives you super-strength, mind control, and you never grow old? Sounds like a pretty good deal to me.
 For what reason?
 Like the one you were playing with me?
 Or, you could give me the choice you never had. 
 What if I swore never to seek out the Salvatores? From what you've told me, I don't want any part of my real family.
 You're lucky I only had one dose of vervain on me or you'd be on the ground with him. And I take it every day, so don't even try to compel me.
 Can't afford to buy. After you told me my trust fund came from the Salvatores I stopped cashing my checks. Didn't want to take money from serial killers.
 Look, I get it... you're my long-lost whatever, you feel bad it came to this, at last we finally meet. Anything else?
 Wouldn't you be pissed if a stranger secretly controlled your life with lies and compulsion for 18 years? I know it shocks you I have trust issues, but I'm not leaving here with anyone but Enzo. At least he wants me to make my own choices.
 I still need to pack my camera gear.
 And isn't Caroline the same girlfriend that tried to have me murdered? Which obviously wasn't enough for a breakup.
 But she's better now, so we should all just hit the road together? No, thanks. (gasps)
 Please.
