 Okay, you two, go get your swimsuits.
 I blew through Caroline's Monday to-do list. Anything else you need?
 Should I know what that is?
 Got it.
 Sorry we're early.
 Oh, some guy named Pete from Sound dropped this off for you a few minutes ago.
 No problem. You guys all good while I go grab a salad?
 Oh, no, no rush. You're not late yet.
 But have you heard from Alaric? His phone's been going straight to voicemail all afternoon.
 Oh, yeah, fine. The girls are playing hide and seek, only where they both hide and no one seeks.
 Oh, wait. Here he is.
 That's weird. You don't think the girls would leave the house, do you?
 The front door just blew open. I thought it was Ric, but...
 Caroline... someone's in the house.
 We'll get some hot fudge sundaes.
 Ric?
 Sorry to bother you.
 Permission slips. It's a history field trip.
 I know, right? Things were much simpler when I was a kid. Also, I wanted to tell you, I noticed something weird.
 I think you guys overpaid me this week. It might have been a mix-up.
 Wow. Thank you. Any particular reason?
 Hey . They wanted to pick out their pj's themselves. I was just about to go up and check on them.
 Oh. It's okay. I'm not in a rush. And your work is important.
 You don't date much, do you?
 But you know where your intern's secret tattoo is.
 No judgment.
 8 00 a.m. tomorrow?
 Don't move, or I call the police! Oh... it's the intern.
 It's Georgie, right? Do you break into houses often?
 Well, the call I'm about to make is probably even more embarrassing.
 Maybe you better stay put.
 Okeydokey. Calling Ric.
 Look, I... I feel silly calling. It's probably nothing.
 And she took a book. Some dead guy's journal. Said that she was bringing it back to you?
 Yeah. Why? Should I be more worried? I mean, she's just a little weirdo, right?
 Get it tucked in for you. Oh! One second, chickadees. Hello?
 Just pull over wherever you are and stay there, I will find you. We'll talk about it then.
 Sure, sweetie. What kind of story?
 Hmm... Okay. I know just the one, but we'll have to keep it between us. No telling Mommy or Daddy. It is called "The Legend of Arcadius".
 Ah! The intern. Where is my sister?
 And?
 Well. I tried. Look, I'm sorry to have to involve you in this, sweetie. It's just that, in this case, I really do have to kill the messenger.
 By the way. That girl you killed in a car accident a few years ago? Kind of a deal breaker. Send Cade my regards.
 Your intern, Georgie, she broke into the house. I mean, she's just a little weirdo, right?
 By the way, send Cade my regards.
 Hey!
 Caroline told me you and your friends lost someone.
 I'm happy to take the girls for the day, if you need me to.
 Were you close with him?
 I get it. I lost my family too.
 I have a sister, but we're sort of estranged.
 I'm sure whoever Tyler is, he's at peace and he knows he was loved.
 Not at all! Go. I heard there's a carnival in town, I thought it might be nice to take the twins.
 Hey you two!
 Hi!
 Who can get their shoes on first?
 Good try. Almost.
 Oh. Why don't you give the girls a goldfish for their efforts? We'll take that one.
 Yes, but in our own way. You see, we are made up of two parts. Our body and our soul. See, some people are very special. And when they die, a man named Cade comes to take their soul away.
 No. But that doesn't mean the bodies aren't special, too. They need to be treated with dignity to find peace in death. And Cade respects that. He appreciates the effort. Let's show him what we did.
 We can call him. But I need you to hold my hand, okay?
 Oh, not at all, you were perfect. You took just the right amount of magic. Now... I need you to say the special word.
 Excellent job, girls. I think you're ready.
 It's a surprise.
 Hey. The girls are doing a little arts and crafts project before bed. And I got a little carried away organizing the garage.
 What can I say? I love your girls. They keep me feeling young.
 No rush.
 I think you're ready.
 It's a surprise.
 Hi, Alaric.
 They're safe with me.
 I'm sorry, I can't do that.
 Can't do that either.
 Your girls are very special, Ric. You've always known that. Special girls have special needs. The less you know, the better. Just know that I am saving them from a lifetime of pain.
 Sybil?
 What are you staring at?
 And who are you? Because from where I'm sitting, you look like a sad lap dog under the thrall of a psychopath.
 The Armory was hunting me. I had to disappear, and then I had to blend in.
 I was trying to find a way to free you, Sybil. Not just from the vault. From everything. And I was finally on the verge, until you broke out and blew my cover.
 They're freaks of nature. Siphon twins who share a psychic link.
 I'm not sacrificing them. I am presenting them to Cade.Offering them as our replacements. Obviously not right away. I didn't plan on having my cover broken three months into the job.
 If Cade accepts Lizzie and Josie as his new missionaries, Sybil and I are free. And I finally will have atoned for what I did to you on that island.
 Girls, wake up.
 I've spent almost a century searching for the right offering. Trust me, they're perfect.
 Their age is actually a plus. In order to serve Cade, you have to meet certain criteria.
 Well, like me and my obnoxious sister, Cade's missionaries must be supernatural. They have to serve him of their own free will. Two siphons. Two young, impressionable minds. And they trust me more and more every day. I can convince them that this is something that they want. And if Cade accepts the deal, then... we're in the clear. From him. From hell. Forever.
 It is. Unless you find exactly the right carrots to dangle.
 Shut up and let me handle this.
 It's okay, Lizzie. Be a good girl and go back to sleep. Hello, Officer. Is everything okay?
  Sure thing. Go right ahead.
 Why are we stopping here?
 Do what?
 I'm not telling you.
 Sybil.
 Are you dense? This is a long game. Those girls won't be ready for at least a decade.
 I'm not doing this.
 All right girls, just like I taught you. Now, hold my hands and concentrate. Now girls!
 I should have left you on that island to rot.
 Cade, do we have a deal or not?
 What are you talking about?
 Are you serious? There's no way...
 You could've just told me about your little scheme with Damon.
 Whatever. I'm done. No more rituals, no more killing in his name.
 No, I'm supposed to be free of all that. That's the point of my deal.
 You cut me out of the agreement? How could you do that to me?
 But I was trying to make up for that by getting you released from Cade now.
 What are you up to?
 Cade, do we have a deal or not?
 I'm done. No more killing in his name.
 You cut me out of the agreement?
 I know you're here. Tammy, extend an invitation to our other guest, please. His name is Enzo, and he's probably freezing.
 I'm not gonna harm him. Or you. I'm not Sybil.
 Without the weapon? That is what you came for. Sybil left for Mystic Falls. You two show up here. It doesn't take a psychic to know it's not to keep me company. Besides, that's what I sirened Tammy's family for. Who wants to be alone on Christmas? Bring me your phone, Bonnie.
 Don't hang up. Bonnie and Enzo are here with me. They're in no danger.
 Your children need my help.
 I have to. I need to fix what I started. I was giving them training, preparing them for Cade. That left a psychic imprint. If I don't remove that imprint, they will always be linked to me. They must be showing signs of it by now.
 Alaric, I'm not who you think I am. I have been trying to escape for years.
 Something nice and easy, Tammy.
 Sadly, it's not that kind of list.
 She's the last person I killed. It's reverse chronological order. The names were a habit I picked up along the way.
 In Monterey.
 Who are they? Your victims?
 You are too exhausted to hurt me. You will rest now. In torment. My master has claimed your soul.
 Positive. I had every intention of eating his flesh. I had ripped apart so many others but none of them massacred an entire work camp on Christmas Eve. Ironic, huh?
 When I looked into his mind, I didn't see evil. I only saw anguish.
 I saw a man who was innocent, had loved, and then had to become a monster to survive.
That's a story I know all too well. Maybe he deserved Cade's wrath, but I no longer wanted to be the one to decide.
 All I wanted was a way out. I always wanted to be mortal. To be free. But now, when I die, Cade will torture my soul in hell. Because my sister sold me out. Redemption is the only chance I have. If Alaric loves his daughters, he will bring them to see me.
 The path to forgiveness begins with one step, right?
 When you said the Salvatore home, I thought you meant the front door.
 I will.
 Hey. I missed you guys. So we are gonna play a little game, and then you won't remember me, but that's okay, 'cause you have so many people that love you.
 My sister's on the warpath. The artifact that she's trying to assemble has the power to kill her. That's why she's after all three pieces of the bell. Lucky for you, I already stole the biggest part.
 You have something I need. I have something you need. I have the bell. You have the tuning fork. And together, we're like chocolate and peanut butter.
 Hey, I am trying to make amends. I could've just as easily called Damon. He has the third piece of the bell, the striker.
 My sister had him fetch it from the Maxwells. He doesn't even know what it is. Look, I am partially responsible for the damage she inflicts on the world. If I want to make good, that starts with killing Sybil.
 You don't have to trust me. But I sure as hell am trusting you. With a weapon of terrible power.
 Where are you going?
 The least you could do is tell me why you're ruining my day-drinking.
 Who?
 Oh, yeah, yeah, no, no. Georgie, Georgie. I know, I know. I get it. I killed your friend.
 On a scale from Matt to Alaric, you're right in the middle.
 You're inching up to Alaric on the smarty-pants scale. Hmm. If we're going cards-up, you're first. Who's looking for the bell right now?
 Good. I was hoping Caroline would rope him in.
 Because, once the bell is assembled, there's only one family who can ring it. His.
 Please. I guessed what you two were doing 30 minutes into our little hostage scenario.
 Thanks for the call, Matt. I've been waiting a long time for this day.
 Whatever. All I care about is you're willing to destroy my sister but you get brownie points for letting me know that she's currently unable to defend herself.
 It's easy. Once your dad finishes welding the bell back together, you or he rings it twelve times.
 I know. It's a silly rule but your bloodline forged it so your bloodline has to do the honours. I mean, at least if you wanna kill a siren or keep Damon trapped in that mental hell of his.
 Wait, why do you want the bell?
 I doubt that. I think I can offer you something better than Sybil.
 We were just outside talking about how Stefan needs to send more souls to Cade so I offered him a couple thousand by tonight.
 You want those souls. All you gotta do is make sure that bell rings. Twelve times, to be exact.
 Oh, did I forget to mention the fine print. Well, you all know that the bell is capable of destroying a siren. What you don't know is that it does it with hellfire. The world Cade created is really a massive psychic imprint of the moment of his death. He was burned at the stake which means his domain is pretty much a ball of fire. The tuning fork disrupts that energy and when it gets amplified by the bell, it rips a hole open straight to Cade.
 You have no idea. See, when the door between this world and Cade's gets cracked open the hellfire it unleashes doesn't just wipe out any siren in its proximity, it wipes out everything for miles. In this case...
 I plan on being long gone before that happens. So what do you say, Stefan? Will this entire miserable town be enough souls for you to betray my sister?
 Why am I here, exactly? You are aware I just tried killing you.
 I don't know. Can we?
 Ok, I'll give it a shot. If you'll apologise for screwing me over with Cade.
 You're right. And I'd do it all again. Because you've always been the weak one.
 How are you here?
 We can do better, we'll work together.
 When the door between this world and Cade's gets cracked open, it wipes out everything.
 All you got to do is make sure that bell rings. 12 times. What do you say, Stefan?
 When the door between this world and Cade's gets cracked open, it wipes out everything. All you got to do is make sure that bell rings 12 times.
 There is one way you can escape the eternal fire.
 When that bell rings 12 times, the the hellfire it unleashes, wipes out everything for miles.
