 When I say the word "witch", what pops into your head?
 Halloween costume? Villain of a fairy tale? Maybe an ex-girlfriend? Well, whatever image it is it's probably not Tanyell Soso of Montego, Cameroon.
 Now, in reality, or in this reality at least, witches appear to cross every culture in history. They're the architects of the supernatural; responsible for everything that goes bump in the night from ghosts to vampires to doppelgängers.
 Now, if you're a skeptic, you'd call that a coincidence. But, if you're a true believer, you know that there's really no such thing. It scares the crap out of us.
 Am I interrupting you guys?
 Or is it maybe the other way around?
 Yeah, you and me both, brother. Alright, listen, we should probably talk about the readings that none of you did.
 I put your grandmother's stuff around here somewhere. There were a couple of family photos and a first edition Stephen King. Did you know she liked Cujo?
 Yeah, I, uh, I do this thing, it's like a one man traveling occult exhibit to small towns. It funds my crazy Indiana Jones adventures.
 Do you practice?
 Like she did? I'm a true believer, just don't tell anyone.
 Yeah, witches love their consequences, don't they? You know, there are other ways to practice magic. If you're interested.
 No. No, no, no. I'm just – uh- I'm just a guy with a very open mind who's seen a lot of things and I'm willing to pass some of them along. If you're up for it.
 Shouldn't you be in Mystic Falls killing vampires?
 So, you met Klaus? I only know him by reputation. Apparently he's a real monster.
 From what I gather, you have to remove their head or their heart. That is according to lore. I'm just speculating.
 We had a deal. I'll give you answers about your hunter's mark when its grown to completion.
 Come on, Connor, why do you think I sent you to Mystic Falls?
 There's no shortage of vampires. That town is practically infested. 
 Okay. Sure, I'll occupy her myself. Just do what you do. The less I know about it, the better.
 I did. I wrote three books actually. Two of them are just too mortifying to display.
 
 Here, this is yours. Right now, I want you to focus and I want your undivided attention.
 Absolutely, I can. I invited you here because I can. But you know what, right now, just relax, drink your tea.
 I got this in Australia when I was backpacking with these Aborigenes spirit guides. Trust me, it's better when you smoke it, but I'm trying to be a role model.
 Bonnie, listen the thing is what I have in mind might come off as a little unorthodox.
 Good.
 What do you know about hypnosis?
 You practice witchcraft, but you don't believe in hypnotism?
 Bonnie, listen, you're afraid to practice magic because those witch spirits convinced you it's wrong. They threatened your Grams and they made you feel guilty. 
 Really?
 Well, let me ask you something. 
 Bonnie, what do you think we've been doing for seven hours?
 Look, I'm good at this, okay? Trust me, you're doing a lot better then you were when you came in this morning. Here, you know what. Proof.
 I bet that you can light this candle as easily as I can sign my name. All you have to do is want to.
 If you can't, it's only because you're afraid. You're afraid of those spirits and what they might do to your Grams. Well, let me tell you something, Bonnie Bennett, you're stronger than they are. You have a power of your own you haven't even approached yet and you don't have to be afraid. Of anyone. Say it. I don't have to be afraid.
 Now, close your eyes and mean it.
 Oh, I don't know.
 Well, don't let her do the heavy lifting. I found her wandering the hallways with this. 
 You're looking at what people believed to be the world's first tombstone. This item was donated to Whitmore College last month.
 It belonged to a very powerful witch, a witch so powerful in fact that Silas, that was his name, created a spell that would grant him immortality. Now legend says that Silas did the spell with the help of a lady witch who loved him, a woman named Qetsiyah. Sadly for Qetsiyah, Silas wanted to give immortality to another woman, so Qetsiyah killed her and buried Silas alive, leaving him powerless, immortal, and alone. This might actually be the origin story of "Hell hath no fury like a woman's scorn."
 Now, it's said that Silas wants to rise again. 
 All right, listen, enjoy exploring the exhibit. I'll be around to answer any questions. Thank you for coming.
 Hey, you made it.
 Nothing compared to Silas.
 That's right, I remember you. What's your specialty?
 Ah, I think Darwin would arm wrestle you for that distinction.
 You're into the monster stuff. All right, awesome.
 This is the hunter's mark. Where did you get this?
 Why, you got a dead hunter in the trunk of your car or something?
 Legend says that if a hunter is killed by that which it hunts, then that person will be cursed to walk the Earth in torment until....
 Until the new hunter is awakened and their legacy is passed on. They're called potentials.
 Listen, I have a bunch of research on it. Why don't I go grab it for you?
 Did your, uh, did your friend, Damon, did he get everything he was looking for in my files?
 Bonnie, look, I've been around the world ten times over. I've studied every supernatural creature known to man; and for the record, witches are hands down the most powerful so, I'm in your corner all the way, I'm your biggest ally. But let me just say one thing, when your new hunter – and I know you have one – when he completes his mark you're gonna want to come to me. 'Cause I'm gonna be the only one who can help, trust me on that, okay?
 The only one.
 Excuse me, I'm a little lost. I'm here to interview contestants.
 Yeah, that's right. Professor by day; pageant judge by other day. In spite of being absurdly unqualified, I'm apparently awarding a scholarship.
 Right in here?
 All right, I'll just follow the scent of hairspray and world domination.
 Damon Salvatore. Looks like we travel in the same circuit.
 Hunter?
 With a capital H? Why?
 I thought you said you already had a Potential.
 There's nothing I can do to help you.
 You think too highly of me, Damon. I'm gonna go find the other judges.
 If you want to know something about me, Damon, just ask.
 Did you just accuse me of mass murder in the middle of a high school pageant?
 Oh, you again. 
 Listen, there is no other name. Look, at any given moment there are five Hunters in existence, all right. Most of them have no idea who they are or what their purpose is. It means finding more than one in a lifetime is next to impossible.
 Subtle.
 Well.
 You know, since it's generally unwise for a vampire to seek out a Hunter, it means you're interested in the mark. It's probably because of where it leads, but here's the thing, even if you complete the mark and you get the map, the thing that you're looking for is sealed with a spell only a certain kind of witch can perform.
 Come on, Damon.
 Come on, you're a big boy, you can figure this one out.
 Aren't too many of those lying around as I'm sure you know. So, none of this matters until Bonnie's back in touch with her magic and between the two of us, who do you think she trusts to help her get there?
 Five seconds are up, unless you just realized you need me alive. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a scholarship to award.
 Good. Then we're almost ready.
 We'll talk when you've broken the last one.
 Trespassing, breaking, and entering all before noon?
 Don't worry about it. You already got the twelve hybrids I need.
 Well, now there's eleven hybrids. You deliver me twelve without loyalties to Klaus or your friend Tyler becomes fair game.
 Right. 
 You ever hear of a text message? Maybe just give a guy a heads up?
 They're dead.
 No, I didn't lie to you. I said I'd tell you where to find them.
 This is everything you ever wanted to know, including where they're buried.
 Easy, killer, all right? I'm not declaring war here. Now, just cause they're dead, doesn't mean you can't see them again.
 This is far from over, Hayley. We are the beginning.
 Okay, listen, we are ready to get started, but before we can do that, we need her.
 In here.
 Go ahead, Jeremy. Invite her in.
 All Jeremy feels when he sees a vampire is a burning desire to kill them, even if consciously he doesn't want to. As in your case 
 Think of it as kind of a conditioned response, right? See vampire, kill vampire. What I'm doing is creating kind of a middle step. It's like a detour, where his subconscious learns to recognize you as someone he loves, someone he wants to protect. And that gives him a choice. He can choose to take the detour instead of the conditioned response.
 Okay. Talk to him. He'll listen.
 You chose to do this here at your family's vacation house, right? So, maybe just start by telling him why.
 Jeremy, how do you feel about Elena right now?
 It was good thinking using Bonnie as Jeremy's emotional touch zone. Damon is very intuitive. Yeah, Bonnie told me about your relationship with him. I don't mean to pry, obviously.
 Uh huh.
 You know, in all my world travels, the one spell that I've never found is how to break somebody from loving too much. Trust me, I've looked.
 My wife and son died. I was just – I was trying to figure out a way not to miss them.
 I didn't say I was looking for the cure, but I can tell you where to find it.
 The sword will lead you there, sure, but so can I.
 'Cause I've already been there.
 It's not just any rock.
 Right, long story short  Once upon a time, there was a witch named Silas who loved a girl, who wanted to be with her forever, so he and his best friend, another witch, made an immortality spell and then Silas' best friend witch got jealous and killed Silas' girl before he had a chance to make her immortal. Well, cursed to an eternity without his one true love, Silas finds a way to reverse the immortality spell and then before he has the chance to take it, his former friend buries him underground, leaving him and the cure to rot.
 Human blood is the life force of an immortal. No more immortality, no more need to feed on blood. You dig up Silas and you've got your cure.
 This is the mark of the Brotherhood of the Five.
 And up the arm, you have the murder of a girl by a witch. The symbols in the vines are your map, which obviously, you no longer need. When this mark is complete, it will contain the spell that we need to dig up Silas.
 You've threatened to kill me, what, like three times already this week.
 The location is how I'm gonna survive your bad moods.
 I'm in this for Silas, all right? Up until this point he's only been myth.
 Would you rather be the guy who writes about Noah's Ark or the one who sails it down the Hudson River?
 You don't have to buy anything. 
 How's it going?
 I see we're back to the false accusation part of our relationship.
 Damon discovered that I was in contact with Pastor Young prior to the explosion at the Young farm.
 And the Pastor was severely depressed. He had lost his wife to cancer and he sought me out for a little supernatural assistance. I tried to help but he was too far gone. I just – I never expected that he would take eleven innocents with him.
 Jeremy, remember the detour. Choose the right path.
 Listen, Bonnie, I hate to tell you this-actually, you know what? I take that back. I'm proud to tell you this. You don't need my help anymore. In fact...
 I was hoping to present this with a cupcake or something. Happy graduation.
 It's human bone.
 Legend says it was worn by the 2000-year-old witch, Qetsiyah, who drew on it for strength. Bonnie, you have come so far so fast. You trust my opinion. Your magic is exactly where it needs to be.
 It means I've got a stack of papers that I have to grade by tomorrow.
 Kol and Rebekah Mikaelson...two members of the Original vampire family. This is such a trip.
 Compulsion won't work. It's a little trick I picked up in Tibet.
 That's the beauty of this. You can have it. I just want Silas.
 He's the world's first immortal being, who just happens to be imprisoned with the cure...and I want to free him.
 Silas is very real. I know where he's buried, and soon I will have the spell that wakes him.
 Without his tombstone? Dozens to die in a blood sacrifice? Believe me, I know. I've done it. Those massacres are a pain to engineer.
 It was a noble sacrifice...and temporary, because once I raise Silas, Silas will raise the dead. He will bring back every last soul who died on his behalf.
 Bonnie!
 Turns out I miscalculated. Kol's gonna be a problem.
 And that's only because you didn't know the extent of your abilities.
 That's not what Expression is!
 It's a way of doing magic that isn't monitored by nature or the spirits. It isn't good or bad, but it also has no limits. So how you use it is up to you. That's what I'm here for  to help you. Bonnie, listen to me. You are the key to everything. I'm not going to let anything bad happen to you.
 You know, just because your eyes are closed doesn't mean you're meditating. Come on, use your breath. Use your breath to calm your nerves.
 Bonnie, you didn't fail.
 Exactly! Almost. Failing would have been actually killing her. You got like a...D Minus.
 Bonnie? Look at me. 
 What the hell are you doing?
 
 You're accusing me of orchestrating a mass murder? Do you know how ridiculous that sounds?
 I Think your Dad's confused about the format of the parent-teacher conference.
 
 
 Look. I was always gonna tell you the truth. I just kept putting it off because I was worried how you'd react.
 I'm not a killer, Bonnie. Pastor Young was depressed-
 It wasn't a massacre. It was a ritual. It was something necessary to raise Silas and get the cure that your friends so desperately want.
 It doesn't matter if they die. Silas will bring them back.
 I'm not crazy. I'm just passionate.
 Do you remember our first session? 
 I'm not playing on anything. This is the truth. You told me what happened. Your reckless use of magic is the reason 
  is the reason those spirits are torturing her on the Other Side.
 Hurting her again and again and again.
 Unh! 
 Look at yourself, Bonnie. Look at yourself, Bonnie.
 You can't reason with her, Mayor. She's lost control.
 Bonnie...Bonnie, look at me! Now take a deep breath. I'm right here with you. You are in complete control. 
 Your daughter...is a prodigy. With my guidance...she could be one of the most powerful witches in the world...But without it-whew-she's a time bomb.
 
 Two hundred miles off the Nova Scotia mainland. If you recall, the whole point was to hide the cure on the world's most obscure, desolate island.
 Yeah, that too.
 Sunscreen?
 Right.
 I was wondering when you'd ask. Qetsiyah created a cure for immortality, and then she buried it with Silas, hoping that he'd take it and die, and end up on the other side with her for all eternity. But he wouldn't give her the satisfaction. So, many centuries later, her descendants created the hunters to find him, cure him and kill him. You know what? I'll explain on the hike. Come on. We gotta get going.
 Satellite phone lost its signal.
 Centuries after Qetsiyah died, there were these miners who were excavating a well on the island. Suddenly went mad. They bled themselves dry. No apparent reason. So, the legend spread that these miners, in exchange for a drop of their blood, saw visions of their lost loved ones in the well they were digging. The word traveled and explorers sought out the well to see if the legend was true.
 Well, you know, some people believe the voices of lost souls were just a wind vortex whipping through the caves, and visions were caused by inhaling the island's poisonous plant life.
 I believe in magic. My wife and my son died within months of each other. And so...I decided to try the well out for myself.
 
 Hello? Hello?
 Caitlin. Caitlin? Caitlin?
 Caitlin. 
 Wait. Stop. Stop! Stop. 
 According to island lore, a group of college kids came here for spring break. A few weeks later, they were all found dead, completely drained of blood.
 We're safer here than we are hiking in the dark.
 How stupid do you think I am?
 You know, I'm shocked you even want the cure, considering you've got the most to lose once Elena's human.
 Expression doesn't require a written spell. Just think of it as a way of accessing magic that already exists inside you. You just have to want it bad enough.
 Bonnie, listen, I taught you Expression so that you could access the cure. I'll be right there with you the whole time, I promise.
 All right. Let me put it this way. You need me to help you through it, Bonnie. Because as you've demonstrated, Expression can get messy. Believe me when I say I've seen it get a lot worse.
 When we lost our son in the car accident, my wife kind of lost it. She tried to resurrect his body using magic.
 She was a powerful witch. And incredibly undisciplined.
 I just didn't want to scare you. The truth is, she tried to bring our son back using Expression, and it overwhelmed her, and she died.
 Yeah, but look, the upside is I've learned the warning signs, all right? I can keep Expression from consuming you.
 Don't you think I know how this ends? I came here to raise Silas so that he could bring back the dead, but you're never gonna let that happen. The second I point to a cure, you're gonna kill me. Now Bonnie has to keep me alive so I can keep her alive.
 
 Okay. I'll stay here. I'll make sure she's safe.
 Yeah. I'm just  just checking the signal.
 This place has a habit of getting to you, doesn't it? 
 You know that magical well I was telling you about? Silas and the cure are buried deep below it.
 No. But you could say I heard it from a reliable source.
 Caitlin. How is this happening?
 Oh my god. Oh my god.
 
 She's got nothing to do with a cure, but she has everything to do with Silas.
 I'm so sorry I let things get out of control. I should've stopped you.
 I can't, baby. I'm not a witch.
 Set him free from  from what?
 
 As you can imagine, that was not an easy pill to swallow.
 Caitlin, it's me, the guy who refused to serve a meat course at our wedding. I can't  I can't orchestrate three massacres.
 Why  why should they die just to be resurrected? That doesn't make sense.
 Yeah, because it isn't natural. I'm sorry, Cate. I just  I can't do that to innocent people.
 How is this possible?
 He just wanted to see his wife again.
 You're not.
 It doesn't work that way, Damon.
 You know I can't do that.
 Does it matter? I think we both know you'd rather just torture me. Torture gives you a sense of control, especially with your relevance slipping away. 
 We've established that you can't kill me without sending Bonnie off the deep end. You can leave the island. Have a modicum of self-respect. Don't stay here and watch Elena walk away from you.
 Your boyfriend's a maniac, Elena.
 Jeremy. That was a bit of a scare yesterday. 
 Jeremy was attacked by an islander. I assumed you were his hatchet-flinging guardian angel.
 Well, then I guess there's somebody else on this island who's desperate to keep our hunter alive.
 I see your locator spell worked.
 Magically disappeared? You can thank the talents of Massak. He's a witch. Should you try to escape, he'll ensure that you never find your way back. So, the gang's all here. Silas awaits.
 We're on the brink of a monumental event in human history. We're going to raise the most powerful immortal creature that ever was. Come on, our work's not done yet.
 The core of that tombstone is made up of Qetsiyah's calcified blood. In some witch circles, that stone's more valuable than the Hope Diamond. So...so who wants to go down first?
 
 It's just amazing, isn't it? Once we raise Silas, all of our sacrifices will have been worthwhile; we'll all have what we want.
 Listen, you're going to see I'm right. Just so you don't get any ideas, remember, anything happens to me, something a lot worse will happen to you.
 Just look for anything that looks out of place, all right? Anything not occurring in nature like a - like a drawing or an inscription or a...geometrically perfect circle!
 
 You're doing it, just breathe, all right? Focus on what you can do. Don't be afraid of what you can't.
 That's it. It's just like drawing breath. Now just pull the power into you.
 
 Bonnie. Wait, wait. Don't  Come on. Bonnie! Help me! Come on, please! Help me!
 Hey, I don't suppose you'd want to share a little of that vampire blood.
 I have no idea.
 
 
 Come on. Come on!
 Caitlin. I'm sorry, Caitlin. I failed you.
 I'm sorry. I tried.
 
 It was Silas. He helped me. You did it, Bonnie. He's risen. 
 I know you're angry with me, okay? But now you'll see everything I did, all those lives lost, they weren't in vain. Silas is gonna bring them back.
 I think you'll change your mind now.
 When Silas awoke, he had to feed to gain his strength. He'd been desiccating for almost 2,000 years. He needed blood. Jeremy was there.
 He...
 He drained him of his blood, Bonnie. Jeremy is dead.
 Bonnie, here. Drink this. It'll calm you down.
 Bonnie 
 Bonnie, be careful. Don't let your magic get out of control. 
 We got to get you home if you're gonna help Silas raise the dead.
 Well, Silas can't do magic. He was a witch, but after he became immortal, that ended. He can be a witch or a vampire, but never both. That's why I've been teaching you Expression, so you can do his work for him.
 
 No. I've had 24 people killed  12 humans at the Young farm, 12 hybrids. You and I are gonna complete the triangle.
 Look, there needs to be another massacre, but it's okay. They're gonna come back. It's worth it.
 
 
 
 When Silas was buried by the witch Qetsiyah, she left him with the cure and two choices  stay immortal and rot or take the cure and eventually die in there of old age.
 No because, you see, Qetsiyah had already one-upped him. She knew that he wanted to die so that he could find peace, be reunited with his one true love. So she created the Other Side as a purgatory for all supernatural beings, ensuring that if he died, he'd end up there forever. That's where you come in.
 Because you, as Qetsiyah's descendant, can make the Other Side go away.
 What? Oh no. Yes, you can. Yes, you can. All the witches, your ancestors who've been persecuted throughout time, your grams, Jeremy, they'll all be back. You can do this. 
 
 Oh, they're just scared. They're afraid to believe.
 They were a necessary sacrifice, for the greater good. They've passed on. They've found peace. That's all anyone wants. That's all Silas wants. We'll do this together, you and I. We are the beginning.
 
