 Okay. Come on. Take a deep breath. 
 Bonnie, relax, okay? Trust me.
 I told you that I'm Silas, I told you Shane died on the island. I'm trying to earn your trust.
 All right. Look. You invited me into your home, right? Why? Why'd you lie to your friends and tell them everything was fine? Why did you convince your dad that you needed Professor Shane's help to control your magic? What am I doing here?
 
 Yeah. You were with him, and you promised to protect him, but you failed. And now, in order to bring him back...
 You are descended from Qetsiyah, one of the most powerful witches of all time. Only you can complete the triangle and cast the spell.
 Twelve people you can bring back. 
 We've been over this. It's temporary. They'll come back.
 You are strong enough. Look, it won't be easy. Once they realize how strong you are, they'll channel each other one by one using spirit magic till they can strip you of Expression. You have to endure them until all 12 are linked as one.
 Listen, your dad's here. We have to convince him.
 To be honest, not that great. The meditation isn't really working. Her magic's too strong.
 Listen, we have an idea.
 If we just call on the spirits 
 This happened to my wife. Expression consumed her. She had no control.
 Thank you. Of the three massacres, this is the one I was dreading.
 
 But I think I know what does. 
 Well, let's just say your sister's mind is a little easier to read than yours. So...care to reconsider my offer?
 I missed by an inch, but don't worry. I'm not trying to kill you, not just yet. 
 That's right. Last night I looked like Shane, today I look like Caroline, and tomorrow-who knows?
 Now why would I do that when I can look like whomever I want you to see?
 Resist me all you want, Klaus, but until you bring me the cure I will bring you nothing but misery.
 You need me, Bonnie.
 You have no idea how dangerous you are. If I don't help you, you'll kill yourself.
 I'm just asking for your help in return for mine.
 Wake up on fire recently?
 Please, Bonnie, let me help you before you hurt somebody or yourself.
 Don't you want to see Jeremy again?
 He's in the woods, where I convinced him I was you. He's probably in a bit of pain now, too. The witch is mine. Stay away from her.
 Bonnie, wait.
 We can help each other.
 You really think you have a choice? If you don't let me help you, your Expression will consume you from the inside out.
 You didn't try to do that, did you? Your magic is taking on a life of its own. You need help controlling it. Listen to me, Bonnie. Breathe.
 Bonnie, listen to me! Control, Bonnie! Control!
 Ah, yes. You're finally acknowledging how powerful you are.
 Call it Qetsiyah's revenge. When she learned that I didn't love her, she used her magic to ensure no woman could ever love me. It should come as no surprise that now I simply want to die.
 Even if it means bringing back every dead supernatural being?
 
 No one in the house can help you. Find Bonnie or I'll kill the person you love the most.
 What's going on?
 Did you really think you could hide from me, Bonnie?
 She's right where you left her.
 I thought you and I were on the same side.
 You're the only one who can do the spell, so I can't hurt you, but I can hurt the people you love. You do understand that, right?
 Your promise is binding, Bonnie. If you break it, you have to answer to me.
 Then you should leave this house right now. And the next time I come looking for you, I expect you to be waiting.
 Bonnie, are you okay?
 What are you doing down here?
 
 Qetsiyah isn't coming, Bonnie.
 That's what I wanted you to think. I can make you see whatever I want you to see. Am I a disfigured monster?
 Of course not. The monster is what I wanted you to see.
 That's the beauty of all this. You have no idea who I am.
 Or what I look like.
 Or how deep I am inside of your head.
 You thought that you were more powerful than me?
 I am stronger than you can imagine. I defeated the Hunter's Curse in minutes. You thought that you could betray me? You can't. I will always be one...step...ahead.
 Gladly...
 I just want to pass on, Bonnie. I'll even let you kill me. I'll be out of your life for good.
 Well, if you don't help me, I'll be roaming the earth.
 I'm curious  what was your plan? Pow-wow with Qetsiyah? Brainstorm ways to put me down? Qetsiyah's not coming. She wants me on the Other Side with her - for eternity.
 That sounds familiar.
 Maybe Damon will convince you.
 You won't let me what?
 You feel that, Bonnie? The air thinning...barely enough to breathe.
 Whoa, it's just me. I called Stefan, he's heading for Elena. Did you find Silas?
 
 Don't bother. I'm not there.
 That's the funny thing about spells – they're bound by Nature. Nature demands balance, so every spell has a loophole. The spell that turned me into stone was bound by a witch – a living witch. So when that witch died, the spell broke.
 It doesn't matter, does it? And here's where the mystery of me comes full circle. I created the immortality spell two thousand years ago. I can never die, so Nature needed to find a balance – a version of me that could die. A shadow-self – a doppelgänger.
 Not exactly.
 Hello, my shadow-self.
 Do you have any idea what it's like to starve for two thousand years?
 Look who's, ah, eating her feelings.
 Ah.
 I'm outing myself as Not-Stefan, obviously. Don't be afraid, don't move.
 We've met before, actually. When I was appearing as your daughter, and I bashed your head in? Does that ring any bells?
 Indeed. I am a two-thousand year old immortal that Caroline and her friends thought they got rid of.
 Well...yes and no. This is my true form and Stefan is my doppelgänger. You're confused. I know that because I can read your thoughts. It's understandable, I mean, I've been a little cryptic lately.
 Ugh, please, Liz. I came first. Vampires are nothing more than a disgusting perversion of me. I'm unkillable, I'm immortal and I'm psychic, and to function I need human blood, but don't ever call me a vampire.
 Cheers.
 Unfortunately, I can see that you can't help me find what I'm looking for. So, all you need to remember, Liz, is that Stefan stopped by to say 'hello'.
 Will do, Sheriff.
 Hello, Damon.
 Thanks.
 You mean because you stole my girlfriend? I'm over it. Cheers.
 Katherine's living at Château Salvatore.
 Because I can read your mind! 
 Hey, Jeremy. Looking good, man.
 Yeah...yeah. 
 Why are you in my brother's bathtub?
 I will say that's a tempting offer.
 You know, human looks better on you than I would've guessed, Katherine.
 No, I mean it. You, sitting here all weak and vulnerable. It works.
 Time for a field trip.
 Get out of my way and give me Katherine.
 You say you don't believe me, and yet your mind is spinning at the possibility.
 Oh, we're not twins. See, when I became truly immortal, Nature retaliated by creating a version of me that was killable. It's called a "shadow-self".
 I could tell you, but wouldn't it be so much more fun if it were a surprise?
 Damon, how well do you know your brother? Do you really think he would leave town for three months without so much as a phone call, so you could live happily ever after with the love of his life? Or did you just delude yourself into thinking it would be that easy?
 He's suffering, like I suffered. So, call the hunter, bring me Katherine, and then I will tell you where your little brother is.
 Ooh, your thoughts are churning. It's like a spool of pink taffy. It's very messy, but very fun to watch.
 You're worried. Jeremy's not answering the phone. He should be back by now. You think something's very wrong.
 Do you mind if I say a few words?
 I'll take it from here, Mayor.
 
 Well, that worked. Now let's try this  No one make a sound, or move a muscle.
 
 "This summer, I have consumed an immeasurable amount of blood and I found myself stronger and stronger everyday and I started to wonder what are the limits to my powers. How many people can I influence? Two? Ten? An entire town square?"
 "Hello my shadow self." (to Stefan)
 "Human looks better on you then I would've thought, Katherine."
 "He's suffering. Like I suffered."
 Nobody make a sound, or move a muscle.
 Turn off your phone.
 I know you're upset that I didn't call, so I just wanted to apologize in person.
 Well, something terrible did happen to me — you fell in love with my brother.
 Can't blame me for needing a little bit of space.
 Well, that's not important. I'm sure Damon will fill you in eventually.
 Oh, weird. Maybe he has his hands full with the whole, you know, Jeremy situation.
 Oh, it's not a big deal. Jeremy got expelled.
 Yeah, and then he and Damon got in this fight, and Jeremy bolted...
 That's why I'm here. I was hoping maybe you'd know.
 Jeremy's still not answering. I'm gonna hold onto your phone in case he calls back.
 Damon made a mess, and I wanna clean it up.
 He's Damon. Are you surprised?
 It's okay. 
 Sorry, I don't mean to cut this short, but someone says they just saw Jeremy on Route 9. Do you know where he might be going?
 Huh.
 Hello, brother. But I suppose distant nephew is probably more accurate.
 
 There you go. Look, I get why you like her. I mean, I have a soft spot for brunettes, too. What I don't get is why she likes you.
 Hm. Cockiness masking fear. How transparent.
 No, that doesn't really make much sense, does it? But if I told you exactly what I did, then it would ruin the fun. Enjoy the bonfire, Damon.
 
 Why can't I get inside your head?
 Now I see why. Somebody's already in there. Why are you watching me, Traveler? Odpowiedz mi! 
 Now, if my best friend died, I'd at least pretend to cry. Which leads me to believe he's not really dead. I take it that tacky old ring somehow protects him?
 See, that's what you don't get. When I can read your mind, I at least have use for you. Now...I'm just gonna kill you.
 You might be stronger than me, but you're forgetting...that I...am immortal.
 Yes, I did...and then she shot me. So, I'm a little bit angry, and I'm a little bit hungry, but luckily you can help me out with one of those things.
 
 Oh, goody. Gypsies are here. Oh, I'm sorry, you call yourselves "Travelers" now, right? It's much more P.C.
 I see. You're mad that I killed your blonde-haired, blue-eyed host, right? That's what you get for taking over somebody's body to spy on me. But congrats, you found me. So now what? What do you want?
 Yes...I see that you do.
 Turn off your phone.
 You ever play the "What if" game? When you're calcified for two thousand years, you learn to entertain yourself with these little brain teasers.
 Oh, no, no, no. It's really easy. I'll go first. You know how much I hate Travelers, so to prove your allegiance to me, you killed your Traveler friend, Gregor. But what is it was all an act? What if he's still alive?
 But what if Matt's tacky ring brought him back to life?
 If we're gonna work together, I need to know that you're on my side. So, find out if Matt Donovan's still alive, and kill him.
 Yes, she is. So, get the information that you need, rip that ring off Matt's little finger, and make sure he doesn't cheat death again.
 I don't ever want to be parted from you, even by death.
 Just as you are mine, I am yours forever, because when I look at you...Amara...all I see is an angel.
 What are you doing here?
 I know you must be very angry with me.
 That's not possible.
 
 Amara. No. Amara—no—Amara—no! NO!
 I will kill you. I will kill you!
 GPS tracker. It's even better than a locator spell.
 Thank you for working so quickly, Nadia.
 Oh, that's right. Your fascinating unfinished business I don't care about.
 Let go of her arm.
 Now I want you to pull out your gun...and aim it at your heart.
 Good. Now, pull the trig—ugh!
 Where are you?
 You know, I may not be able to read your mind anymore—
 But that won't stop me from killing you if you don't hold up your end of the deal. Now, whatever twisted fantasy you're playing out with Katherine is your issue, but she stays alive.
 It wasn't a question. As you mentioned earlier, Katherine is still my priority, and since I lost my psychic abilities, that can only mean one thing. My ex-fiancée is alive again, and she's on her way to Mystic Falls.
 Reconciliation isn't really her thing. She hates me as much as I hate her, and if you think that I don't play fair, wait till you see what she's capable of, because Qetsiyah and I have some common ground—neither one of us will stop until we get what we want, and both of us want the cure.
 You know, it's funny. The love of my life looked exactly like you, and yet the mere thought of your face makes me want to vomit.
 Because the cure still exists, and I still want it. It's just running through your veins right now. Your blood is the cure, Katherine. Does that clear things up for you?
 I want Katherine Pierce. What do you think I want?
 But you've had her all night long. So, how much longer do you need?
 Here's the thing, Nadia. I don't really care about what you need. I only care about what I need. I'm a little selfish like that.
 I'm very well aware of my current super power predicament, thank you very much, and even though my brain is on the fritz thanks to an ex-fiancee stalker witch who can't seem to take a hint, it doesn't mean that I'm not still brilliant and crafty and becoming rapidly well-versed in the power of cell phone tracking.
 So, why did you call me?
 What makes you think that I need help?
 A mystical anchor. That's what binds her spell to the Other Side. I want to destroy it. Qetsiyah, or Tessa, or whatever the hell she's calling herself these days, she wants to protect it. So, she's the only person that knows where the anchor is hidden, but fortunately, she will be at the Whitmore Historical Ball this evening.
 Mm.
 Oh, I did, but I still have my incredible powers of observation, and I observed her buying a Cleopatra costume today.
 Well, we have half a deal. I'm resurrecting some witch with my death, but we have yet to discuss how you're helping me.
 Oh, it's fairly simple, actually. I want you to kill your brother.
 Hello, me.
 Well, Tessa's spell mentally linked us. I lost my psychic abilities. Stefan lost his memories.
 Yes, Damon. I can read your mind again. No. I'm not lying, and maybe you enjoyed breaking your brother's neck just a little bit too much.
 I'll cozy up to the witch and sift through her mind, figure out where she's hiding the anchor, and you, all you got to do is keep him dead.
 Of all the men here, Tessa went straight for Stefan. This face won her heart before. See, a woman never forgets her first love, no matter how badly it ended.
 Well, according to my brother, I am supposed to hate you.
 I'll tell you after that drink.
 Good. You like tequila.
 God, you have the most beautiful smile.
 So, what brings you to a college costume ball?
 Oh, that's right, the whole "being stood up at your wedding" thing.
 Okay. You got me. I might have asked around about you.
 Oh, come on. The guy must've had some redeeming qualities. I mean, we know he was obviously extremely good-looking...But, I mean, was the guy at least funny?
 No, no. It's just that you've been on this revenge kick for two thousand years, and maybe hating him is an excuse to keep him in your life. There's a part of you that still loves him.
 Okay. I got to admit, there's a part of me that just wanted to hear you say that you still love me. That's how big my ego is, but since you're obviously in denial 
 Okay. 
 What do you mean you don't know? You created it.
 So, what are you doing here?
 Well, then get to it and forget everything we just spoke about.
 Thank you. 
 What are you doing?
 Good. 
 Ah!
 Uh!
 No...
 
 You love me. You know you love me.
 Actually, no. It's a very, very bad thing.
 Greetings!
 Good morning, frenemies! 
 Ah. You know, I'm only a few hours into my old life as a witch, but somehow, the sun feels warmer. 
 Well Damon, after two thousand years of a miserable existence, I finally get to die.
 We all know that Tessa was a real vengeful bitch. Your doppelgänger, Amara died at her hands, but today, after two thousand years, Amara and I will finally reunite.
 Oh, you don't think that I keep my promises?
 I did and I can.
 Yeah.
 None taken.
 
 I just want to destroy the other side so I don't get stuck in that pit of a purgatory when I finally do kill myself. Before I do that, I'll bring Bonnie back. And being the amazing and incredible and all-powerful witch I am, I can totally do both things. I just have to find the anchor first and destroy it.
 It's in a stockyard and it's being shipped out. So. We really need to...
 
 
 Well, I hope not. I mean, I am kind of a monster.
 You know, guys, I'm feeling really ganged up on right now. K? I would hate to lose my temper and do something...
 Ah. Man, I really love being a witch again. I feel like I'm constantly reinventing myself. I'm like a supernatural Madonna, don't you think?
 All right. We gotta get going. 
 Does it matter? 
 Actually, I'm one hundred percent serious. She's a freaky carbon-copy of my one true love, Amara. You can understand why I don't want to stare at her imposter face all day.
 It would make complete sense if you were ever in love with somebody who looked exactly like her.
 The next one goes in the heart. Now hurry up. I only have until sundown before Tessa tries to stop me.
 Wait. You didn't tell Elena what we did to Stefan?
 
 
 Knock, knock. Who's there? The mayor? The mayor who?
 No one! That's the joke. No one's there because I killed the mayor.
 How do you do it, Damon? How can you stand being here while your girlfriend sits at home, worrying about her doppelgänger soul mate?
 Crap? What do you mean "crap?" Do you not notice the universe trying to mirror my love for Amara by bringing our doppelgängers together?
 I have no idea.
 Give me some credit, man. I did psychically dive into Tessa's mind to see this specific warehouse.
 Again, I have no idea. Tessa created it after she locked me away in a tomb for two thousand years and left me to starve. Remember? Remote island, creepy hallucinations?
 It binds a spell to a supernatural hell dimension. It's not going to look like a freaking IKEA sink.
 Quit dawdling. We need to find this thing before the Travelers show up.
 They hate me for creating the immortality spell and they know the anchor's the only thing standing between me and my soul mate. Every love story needs to have one thing that keeps getting in the way. Kind of like you, Damon.
 Yeah.
 Oh, no, you won't. Not until I bring your girlfriend's bestie back.
 
 You're still alive.
 Amara, it's me.
 You're okay.
 No, no, no. It's okay. Who are you talking to, huh? It's me, it's me.
 It's me.
 I thought you were dead. Tessa said she killed you. She held your heart in her hands.
 I took it. I'm sorry. I wanted to be with you. I wanted to be at peace with you.
 I was ready to die for you.
 
 Have you ever been in love? Love. Hello, you two.
 Aw, that's so adorable. I love love. I do. Yeah. I have a soul mate, too, you know, that love at first sight, want to live forever, love is eternal kind of love? Amara - that's her name. 
 What do you mean? You think I'm crazy? Why do you think I'm crazy? All I've wanted for the last two thousand years was to be reunited with the love of my life. How is that crazy?
 No, guys, we were both immortal and now we're not. Hello?
 Look, the point is that I finally got a chance to hold Amara in my arms and what does she do? She jams a chunk of glass into my carotid artery. Look, look.
 Listen, you two. Here's my advice. Live it up. You know, enjoy this love while it lasts because let me tell you something. Just a couple days ago, I was psychic, I was immortal, I was in love. Now my neck hurts, my soul is crushed, I'm sitting in a bus stop in frigging Delaware.
 I'm in Philly? Ohh! God, it's even worse.
 I think I'm liquefying his internal organs. Did I fail to mention that I'm a witch?
 No! I'm pissed off at the world, and I'm taking it out on your so-called lover.
 And I'm thinking you might be my next victim.
 Look at that. Unbelievable. Love is so damn fickle. Incredible. Here you go, buddy. Come on up. Come on up, come on up, come on up. 
 Hello, Damon.
 They prefer administrative assistants now, thank you very much. I learned that on the bus. Very nice people on here, by the way.
 My poor Amara, all those years trapped in stone clearly left her unhinged, so look, if she doesn't want to spend another moment on this earth, then I'm more than happy to put her out of her misery and spend the rest of eternity in the afterlife with her, but listen, if you want to go ahead and kill her and save me the trouble, then please, by all means.
 Thank you. You haven't seen the love of my life running around here by any chance, have you?
 You've had two thousand years to watch us suffer. You've had your fun. Why can't you just let it go?
 Honestly, I feel sorry for you. Hateful vengeance is for people without real love.
 You spent two thousand years waiting for me to die just so you could be with me, when all along the universe knew I belonged to somebody else. Doesn't that make your whole existence, like, I don't know, a total waste?
 Yeah? Well, get in line.
 Sucky timing, Stefan.
 Well, I'm a little busy right now watching my nemesis bite it. Plus, I have no interest in saving Amara's life.
 Amara.
 I understand. I love you.
 I hear every emotion is heightened for a vampire. All those memories must be eating you alive right now, Stefan. What's it like to die? I've never done it. You must have done it a thousand times over this summer.
 Stop it? I've spent two thousand years alone in a tomb. You were locked up for what? Three months? Look at you! You're a mess. The safe was the easy part, wasn't it? Being forgotten about, that's the real torture, isn't it?
 I'm late, aren't I? My bad. I was watching some 80-year-old witch get dragged off to never, never land. It was uh—weirdly entertaining.
 And now, I'm gonna help you bring your friends back to life and me along with them. So, what do you say? Bygones?
  Az vezat esvet.
 Esvet, not -vat. I feel like I'm teaching calculus to an infant.
 Ooh! I've been upgraded to a plague? Oh. How biblical and fitting, seeing as I probably will kill a lot of people in an epic, all-inclusive way once I'm out of here.
  Oh, speaking of, how is my shadow self? Is it a crime for someone so good-looking to be so sad all the time?
  Oh. Just the perfect specimen of man, that's all.
