 Hello to you, too. I brought dinner.
 A vampire doppelgänger who's burdened by a conscience. Now I've seen everything.
 And I pulled you from the quarry before that. That is, I figured out where you were and told the former owner of this cabin to pull your lock box from the water. You thanked him...by biting off his head.
 Because I've seen your face before on someone who wasn't you.
 How much do you know about Silas?
 You made it through.
 Strong words.
 Except you'll burn to death in the sun without your daylight ring. Silas wasn't always a monster.
 
 Heh. You know how that goes. They thought their love would last forever.
 Because I was there, in his arms.
 I would have done anything for him.
 Love bends the rules of possible.
 
 
 Wrong. You don't know the story. Silas convinced Qetsiyah that he loved her so she would make the immortality spell, but when she found out that he was just using her, she dumped him in a tomb with a cure, hoping he would take it and die, because she had created a supernatural limbo to trap his soul.
 Which catches us up to today. Now Silas wants to destroy that supernatural limbo. Once the Other Side is gone, he can take the cure, become mortal and die, and finally pass on and find peace.
 Silas was my true love. I never said that I was his. I'm Qetsiyah, that sane, rational, well-adjusted woman you seem to know so much about.
 Clearly you've heard the man's version of the story, the one where I'm a back-stabbing lunatic who ruined everything for Silas, a raging bitch-witch whose obsession with vengeance created a whole new dimension of suffering in the afterlife.
 I was—for two thousand years. But I came back...for you.
 There's no cell reception out here. And remember, I made it safe for you in here, but I wouldn't go outside if I were you.
 "Qetsiyah" sounds so...ancient timey, don't you think? How about "Tessa"? It's a little different, but not so different you wouldn't find it on one of those souvenir keychains.
 I'm here because the Bennett witch lowered the veil. I saw an opportunity to make myself a living, breathing mortal, and I thought, "Why not?" My hunters have failed in their task to kill Silas. I figured it was time to handle things in person.
 You have clearly never been left at the altar.
 
 So, call me a woman scorned or a vindictive bitch or whatever label suits your story, but I thought I was his one true love, and he ripped my heart out.
 I deserved a chance to look him in the eye and make him understand how much he hurt me. So, I found him in the wilderness with the woman he gave my immortality to, the woman he chose over me...
 
 Amara was hardly a friend. When they drank the immortality elixir, they violated the natural law that all living things must die, so Nature found a balance by creating mortal shadow selves.
 Like you, and Katherine, and Elena, all caused by the ripple effect from Silas and Amara's sin.
 Silas stole your daylight ring. You're going to need a new one. When this is ready, I need your help to take down Silas once and for all.
 Hovering actually slows down the process.
 You're skipping ahead. We don't stand a chance against Silas with his mental powers.
 A long time ago. That was before he could compel masses, and two thousand years of consuming dribbles of blood from thousands of people...It's allowed him to hone his skills. It prepared him to escape from the tomb I put him in.
 No, Stefan. Amara is not locked in a tomb.
 I brought you two gifts. The first is the chalice from which we were to drink at our wedding.
 I was...for a time. But then I realized it was within my power to forgive you by creating this, your second gift—a cure for immortality.
 I promise you, it works. I just used it on someone else immortal.
 She couldn't speak after I cut her throat...but I could tell by the way her heart was beating...she knew she was going to die.
 You will not come near me unless you take the cure and give up your immortality.
 Take the cure, Silas. We can live long human lives together.
 Can't say I didn't give him a second chance.
 I'm a complicated person. But Silas remains a simple man. I created the Other Side as a supernatural barrier between Silas and the peaceful afterlife he craved. The. I dropped him in that tomb with that cure, thinking eventually he would take it and kill himself to be with Amara, just so he could realize that he was caught with me for all eternity.
 He's been a little stubborn.
 Do you really think I'd give you the one thing you need to walk out of here?
 Have you not been listening to me? I have trust issues. I'm controlling, and paranoid, and a little crazy.
 And that's working out just fine.
 It's Qetsiyah. 
 I'm going to link Stefan to Silas. Casting a spell on his doppelgänger will neutralize Silas' mental powers. Once he's weakened, I will force him to take the cure.
 Katherine, you mean? I'm aware of her condition. She was supposed to be with you.
 So where is she?
 Then I'll get started without her.
 Adatu Khan Leala Ghan Breatvis Shemil.
 Probably don't want to get on my bad side.
 Aren't you brave. Without Silas' mental powers, he is an immortal nobody. We can defeat him. Isn't that what you want?
 I'm frying Silas' brain. No one said it would be pretty.
 You're right. We're done. It worked.
 Relax. I just burned through his conscious mind. He'll wake...eventually. You sure you want to take him home? You and Elena were doing so well without your guilt getting in the way.
 Don't flatter yourself. It was like watching a soap opera, except boring and with no volume control. You know, there was one thing worse than being on the Other Side and watching Silas resist the cure.
 Century after century, I watched versions of Stefan and Elena find each other, like magnets, always the same story—conquering all, falling in love. You didn't think your brother was Silas' first shadow? Destiny has been trying to get the doppelgängers together forever.
 You don't want to hear it, but the universe is working against you.
 You and I are the same, Damon...the obstacle standing between two fates. Silas had his true love, and Stefan has Elena. We're merely the conflict that makes it interesting.
 I'd keep him safe.
 I want to keep him safe. Now that he's linked to Silas, Silas can't mess with our heads, and as long as Stefan's in the way, you will never be with Elena. Take it from a woman who's had front row seats for two thousand years.
 No one has to know.
 Ah Sha Lana
 Where I come from, open bar meant ceramic jugs of Phoenician wine.
 You have no idea who I am, do you?
 Tessa, formerly known as Qetsiyah.
 Nothing personal, little ex-boyfriend drama. Let me make it up to you. Buy you an "I'm sorry" drink?
 Ah, look who's back. Am I in trouble?
 And do you?
 Yes, but not as much as bacon. In my day, it was all about lamb. No one thought to cure pig fat.
 You're gonna stare at it all night or are you gonna ask me to dance?
 Look at me. Last time I looked this good, I couldn't enjoy it.
 
 
 Are you defending him?
 Now, I really hope he thinks that. I want to see his face when he realizes just how wrong he is.
 Oh, my God. Silas 
 I don't know. I'm looking for it too.
 Yes. I created it, but the Travelers hid it after they killed me. They move it constantly.
 My pendant is in one of these displays. It's a magical talisman that enhances my power. I need it to do a locator spell so I can find the anchor.
 Thank you for the dance.
 Stefan. Come to see the show?
 I'm using this pendant to find something I'm looking for, and I found it.
 Stefan?
 Stefan...Stefan, are you okay?
 
 A Vita Exahi. Isespotro Adimasero.
 I don't have to kill you yet.
 I did love you...And then you broke my heart, and now I'm gonna break yours...
 Good morning, sleepy-head. 
 You're confused. Is that the amnesia, or the tequila?
 We bonded over our misery. There were body shots. The misery lifted. Here. Berries. 
 I happened to see a text message pop up on your phone after you crashed last night. Warning from your friends. Silas took the cure. He's a witch. He's mortal and now, I can kill him. 
 Silas is looking for the anchor. It's the object I used to bind the spell when I created the other side. Destroy it - the spell is broken. No more supernatural limbo and Silas can die and find peace. I would rather his lying, cheating ass not have that.
 You know that old, ancient story I told you about the Travelers? Oh, wait. You don't. I fried your brain and took your memories. Sorry. Well, the Travelers...
 Not important. Scratch that. Very important. I'm just not going to answer it.
 The travelers have been in possession of the anchor for two thousand years. They constantly move it so it doesn't fall into the wrong hands and they're not going to let him get near it. At least not before I kill him.
 He won't destroy it. He won't be able to.
 Let's just file that under the "not gonna answer it" category.
 
 I have it all covered. You don't scheme as long as long as I have without considering every possibility.
 Silas put a spell on this cabin. 
 Because I taught him the damn spell.
 Stefan's phone.
 Uncanny. Your doppelgänger voice is exactly like Amara's. So whiny.
 He's here. Well, not "here here." He hopped in the shower. Between us girls, he works up quite the sweat, but I guess you know that. May I leave him a message?
 I would, but I think that's maybe his type.
 Well, if it isn't Stefan's fated love.
 Come on in. Who am I to stand in the way of destiny?
 I'm no shrink, but I think it's called co-dependance.
 I'm so bad with messages. 
 You ain't seen nothing yet. Since I'm occupied at the moment, I need you to go ahead and kill Silas for me.
 You mean, after he destroys the Other Side? Yeah, that's not gonna happen, plus I want him dead before he has the pleasure of finding the anchor.
 Kill him. Now.
 Did I mention I lured your girlfriend here to me? I used the oldest trick in the book   jealousy of Stefan! Thought you should know.
 Is that something more important than Elena? Because Silas put a spell on this house and bound it to the sun, which means we're trapped here until sundown, which means you have until then to kill Silas or I kill Elena. With a face like Amara's, it might be cathartic. Bye now. 
 
 So sad. Let me guess, gluten-free?
 Excuse me?
 Ahh. Yeah. That. You can blame your friend Bonnie for that. She opened the door and distracted herself when she brought your little brother back. So I just walked right through when she died.
 Okay. Roasted duck?
 No. But maybe I can lure one inside. I got Elena in. How much smarter can a duck be?
 Go for it.
 All right.
 Mmm. It's good.
 Yeah.
 That's not very nice, especially considering I've allowed you to remain alive until sundown.
 Ahh. Almost sundown.
 
 Is he dead yet?
 They probably want his blood.
 Silas drank the cure from Katherine. Now his blood is the cure.
 Think about it, Damon. The Travelers aren't fans of immortality. I had to bind the Other Side to something, something that would last forever, something that Silas couldn't destroy.
 Something a little closer to his heart. Two thousand years old, immortal, indestructible. You're a quick boy, Damon. Figure it out.
 Do you know have any idea what it's like watching history repeat itself?
 No, no. I want this wound. It's a reminder of what you really are. See, memories are important. I made a mistake when I found you. I eased your pain. You used to have a lot of pain. Remember?
 You killed your own father and then forced your brother to become a vampire.
 And that was just the start of your reign of terror. You hated yourself for a century, but then you found her.
 Didn't last very long, did it?
 But the ending's the best part because you actually felt real pain, physical pain, torture. Remember?
 You were trapped in a safe and tossed in a quarry. Water flooded in. You tried to scream, you tried to escape, but all you could do was drown over and over and over again. The only thing keeping you sane was that one day one of the two people you loved would come rescue you, but they didn't. I did. Always remember that.
 And I was hoping you were my Chinese food. Good bye.
 What about her?
 But she's alive?
 Like I want to shoot fireballs at Silas and drown him in acid.
 An anchor swap?
 I'd be making a ghost a human toll booth between our side and the Other Side, giving her the power to interact with our physical world and the supernatural purgatory.
 I need a massive amount of power to do a transfer spell like that.
 I need something to draw on. The moon's not full, I don't think there's a worthy comet for another couple billion years.
 Doppelgängers. They're powerful, mystical, naturally recurring.
 So, you live in this giant mansion with two doppelgängers that are destined to end up together? I swear there's a sitcom in there somewhere. So, where's the ancient boyfriend-stealing bitch?
 That'll be all. 
 What was that?
 Oh.
 Don't worry. When I make someone else the anchor, I will, and since you're nothing more than a non-supernatural human, you'll pass on while Silas is trapped on the Other Side, and the you and Silas, you're gonna spend eternity apart and that is gonna be kind of fantastic for me. Selfishly speaking.
 Let me guess. You must be...Who now?
 You want something. I'm shocked.
 Fine. When the ritual's finished and Bonnie is the anchor, we'll find a way to stop you from dying.
 Now, where's Tweedledee and Tweedledum?
 It's a talisman. Since Bonnie can't be here, her grimoire will have to do. Hands in, palms up.
 Sorry, love. Did that hurt?
 Ina pran khos suptheia jhem ai pada khey rasattan. Ina pran khos suptheia jhem ai pada khey ra sattam, ina pran khos suptheia jhem ai prada khey rassattan!
 No.
 No, it's not done.
 Silas is happening! Show yourself, bastard!
 That was quite the show, Silas.
 Nope. Maybe you shouldn't have turned the lights off, genius.
 Maybe I'm just not wired that way.
 I loved you.
 Can't a witch rest in peace?
 Ina-pran-khos-suptheia-jhen-ai-pada-khey-rassattan.
 Ai pada say Ra sattam.
 Ai pada say rasattam. Ai pada saeyrasattam. Ai pada say-ra-sattam.
 You. Right. You want me to stop the aging? I'd find a drugstore cream.
 Altering someone's lifespan is what started this whole mess in the first place. I've learned my lesson. I'm not saving your life.
 I won. Amara's gone, and Silas is waiting for me on the Other Side.
 True love prevails...the universe be damned.
 You're the anchor, now.
 I'm dead. As I pass through you, you'll feel my death. You'll feel every death. Every supernatural being that passes over to the Other Side will pass through you. Sorry. That's gonna hurt like a bitch.
