 Yes, of course. I'm Vanessa Monroe, research assistant, comparative folklore.
 Uh, let me just grab Isobel's keys.
 Oh please, Isobel's office is right through there. Isobel was one of my first professors. I'm a grad student. She was brilliant, and one of the reasons I went into folklore. Uh, I have to ask - has there been any news?
 It's this way.
 I'll grab the light, feel free to look around. It's fascinating isn't it?
 Please! I freaked out okay? Alright, you would have done the same thing, it's not possible! Katherine Pierce can't be alive and Damon Salvatore died in 1864. Okay? I read Isobel's research.
 This box checks Katherine's arrival to Mystic Falls in April 1864.
 All that I'm aware of.
 Does vervain really work?
 Can he hear us?
 Can he read minds too?
 There's no record of werewolf mythology in Mystic Falls, but here are some records of some of the lesser-known legends. Everything from Scandinavian skin-walkers to the Maréchal de Retz.
 Tonartsliitsii Metslii, which roughly translates into the "curse of the sun and the moon".
 Aztec. It explains one origin of the werewolf curse traced through Virginia. The short story  600 years ago, the Aztecs were plagued by werewolves and vampires. They terrorized the countryside, made farming and hunting impossible until an Aztec shaman cursed them, making vampires slaves to the sun and werewolves servants of the moon. As a result, vampires could only prowl at night and werewolves could only turn on a full moon. When the full moon crests in the sky, who's ever unlucky enough to fall under the werewolf curse turns into a wolf.
 If it were a choice, it wouldn't be called a curse.
 Werewolves will attack humans but instinct and centuries of rivalry have hardwired them to hunt their prey of choice  vampires.
 Not if there aren't that many werewolves left alive. Hundreds of years ago, vampires hunted them almost to extinction.
 To protect themselves. Legend has it that a werewolf bite is fatal to vampires.
 Well, the word means a lot of different things to different cultures, but typically a doppelgänger is a living, breathing double of oneself.
 That's all she had on Katherine, unfortunately, but I can tell you that doppelgängers usually torment the people they look like, trying to undo their lives. It's not exactly uplifting.
 Or else Damon will kill me in my sleep? He gave me the 411, but if you need anything, you can call.
 But if you do...
 Isobel's disappearance...is it related to her research?
 I guess that would put a strain on a marriage.
